
                              1 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 10:58 PM GMT

Trump's Cinco de Mayo post draws ire from some Latinos

BYLINE: By JONATHAN LEMIRE and SERGIO BUSTOS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump's social media post on Thursday to mark Cinco de
Mayo immediately went viral, spawning criticism from some Latino groups that
found it offensive and pandering.

Trump took to Twitter and Facebook with a picture of himself eating a taco bowl
and the caption: "Happy Cinco de Mayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump
Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!"

The post generated tens of thousands of retweets and seemingly as many jokes.
But not everyone found it amusing.

Janet Murguia, president of the National Council of La Raza, the nation's
largest Hispanic civil rights organization, tweeted a short time later that the
Republican presidential front-runner's post was "clueless, offensive and
self-promoting."

"Eating a taco or wearing a sombrero doesn't cut it w/our community in 2016,"
Murguia tweeted.

Trump's poll numbers among Latinos have been consistently poor since he began
his campaign by promising to build a border wall to prevent "killers" and
"rapists" from coming to the U.S. from Mexico. A Gallup poll released last month
showed 77 percent of Hispanics had an unfavorable opinion of Trump, while only
12 percent viewed him favorably.

The Latino Victory Fund, a left-leaning political group, released a statement
that said "Donald Trump is doubling down on his racist, anti-immigrant,
anti-Latino and anti-Mexican rhetoric." And Vicente Fox, the former president of
Mexico who has clashed with Trump over the proposal to build a border wall,
joked to Fox News that he saw that Trump is "now having some enchiladas and some
Mexican food - I hope that he will not get indigestion."

Democrats also seized upon the post, suggesting it highlighted Trump's weakness
with Latinos. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton's campaign
tweeted out a video - with Spanish subtitles - recounting Trump's past comments
supporting mass deportations of immigrants in the U.S. illegally.

A Trump campaign spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment about the
reaction to the post.

Cinco de Mayor originally commemorated the Mexican Army's victory over French
forces at the Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862. In the United States, it has
since been transformed into a celebration of Mexican culture and food.

The taco bowl - an American creation - is not actually on sale at the Trump
Grill, but the Trump Cafe in the candidate's namesake tower offers a "Taco
Fiesta!" for $13.50.

____

Bustos reported from Miami.

___

Contact Jonathan Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/JonLemire

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 10:29 PM GMT

Trump says he'll name running mate at convention

BYLINE: By TERRY SPENCER and JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Florida


FORT LAUDERDALE, Florida (AP) - Donald Trump said Thursday that he will name his
vice presidential pick at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this
July.

Speaking in an interview with The Associated Press, Trump said that it was still
early in the process to select a running mate, but that he would soon form a
committee to begin vetting running mates.

"It is early - we just won yesterday," Trump said. "I will announce it at the
convention. A lot of people are interested."

His aides have declined to identify any candidates, but former rival Ben Carson,
whom Trump has said is helping with his vice presidential search, told The Wall
Street Journal on Thursday that a Democrat may be among those considered. Trump
has said he intends to pick a Republican with prior government experience.

Trump has not yet reached the number of delegates required to clinch the
nomination, but now has a clear path to becoming the Republican standard-bearer
after his remaining rivals, Ted Cruz and John Kasich, suspended their campaigns
this week.

Trump also said that he would "do whatever the maximum standard is" in terms of
separating his business interests from his role as president if he wins in
November. He named Steven Mnuchin, a private investor with ties to New York and
Hollywood, as his national finance chairman on Thursday. While he has largely
self-funded his primary run, he has said he would engage in some fundraising for
the general election.

Trump has expressed reluctance to liquidate any of his holdings to finance that
campaign.

____

Lemire reported from New York.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 10:11 PM GMT

Trump says he would likely replace Yellen once her term ends

BYLINE: By MARTIN CRUTSINGER, AP Economics Writer

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 317 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump said Thursday he has nothing against Janet Yellen
but would likely replace her as Fed chair once her term is up.

In an interview with CNBC, the likely Republican presidential nominee said he
thinks it would be appropriate for him to nominate someone else to lead the Fed
since Yellen is not a Republican.

"People that I know have high regard for her, but she is not a Republican,"
Trump said. "When her time is up, I would most likely replace her because of the
fact that I think it would be appropriate."

President Barack Obama selected Yellen, a Democrat who was head of the Council
of Economic Advisers in the Clinton administration, to succeed Republican Ben
Bernanke. At the time of her nomination, Yellen was serving in the No. 2 post at
the Fed.

Her four-year term as Fed leader ends on Feb. 3, 2018, but she could remain on
the Fed's seven-member board if the next president decides not to nominate her
for another term as chairman. Her 14-year term as a Fed board member does not
end until Jan. 31, 2024.

Trump did not signal any unhappiness with Yellen's policies. The Fed has been
keeping interest rates low until there is more evidence inflation is rising
toward the central bank's 2 percent target and the economy shows it has
successfully navigated through a period of weak global growth.

The Fed boosted its key rate by a quarter point in December after keeping it
near zero for seven years, but it has not raised rates again. Many economists
believe the Fed may only hike rates one or two times in 2016, in part out of
concerns that the prospect of higher rates in the United States could push the
dollar higher and hurt exports.

Yellen "has always been a low interest rate person and I must be honest. I am a
low interest rate person," Trump said. "If we raise interest rates and if the
dollar starts getting too strong, we're going to have some major problems."

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 9:43 PM GMT

Trump: I have too much integrity to cheat at golf

BYLINE: By TIM DAHLBERG, AP Sports Writer

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Only on AP

LENGTH: 523 words


Donald Trump wants to make one thing perfectly clear - he doesn't cheat at golf.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee also says he has never golfed
with retired boxer Oscar De La Hoya, who earlier this week questioned Trump's
integrity on the golf course.

"Not only didn't I cheat, I didn't play with him," Trump said. "I have never
played a round of golf with this guy."

Trump told The Associated Press on Thursday he respects the game too much to
cheat and is good enough to have won a number of club championships. Trump, who
owns 18 golf courses, says De La Hoya is lying about him because he wants to
sell tickets to a fight he is promoting.

Trump said his son Eric told him not to respond to De La Hoya's charges that he
cheated on two different holes two years ago at Trump National golf course in
Los Angeles. But he says he had to say something to defend himself because golf
is a game built on integrity and honor.

"He's absolutely lying," Trump said. "Golf is an important thing and I felt I
had to say something."

Trump said De La Hoya called him on Wednesday, not to apologize about his
comments but to offer him tickets to the fight he is promoting Saturday in Las
Vegas between Amir Khan and Canelo Alvarez. Trump, who was at Gennady Golovkin's
fight at Madison Square Garden in October and is a big boxing fan, said he
declined the tickets.

"I told him I have something else to do, as you can imagine," Trump said in a
phone interview.

De La Hoya, who is an avid golfer, claims Trump joined his group on the first
tee at Trump National and promptly hit his first drive in the water, then hit
two others before driving ahead and finding his ball in the middle of the
fairway. On the next hole, he said Trump hit it in the bushes but the ball
somehow ended up on the green close to the hole for a "gimme."

"Yes, I caught him," De La Hoya said. "It was unbelievable. But I guess it was
his course, so it was his rules."

But Trump put the longtime general manager at Trump National, Lili Amini, on the
phone to say she had never seen her boss play with De La Hoya. He also said
there is no water on the first hole at Trump National so he could not have hit
the ball there.

Trump, a low handicapper who says he hasn't played golf in two months because of
the campaign, said De La Hoya did play Trump National in a celebrity match
against comedian George Lopez in 2010 as part of the "Donald J. Trump's Fabulous
World of Golf" show.

"He played terribly," Trump said. "I walked with them but didn't play. I'm a
much better golfer than him."

Trump said the last time he played golf it was with Lexi Thompson, a player on
the LPGA tour. The campaign has taken a toll on his golf game, he said, though
he noted that President Barack Obama has gotten in hundreds of rounds of golf
since being elected.

Asked if he would play with De La Hoya, Trump said:

"I don't like to play with men that wear stockings around their face."

The quip was a reference to photos that circulated several years ago showing De
La Hoya wearing fishnet hosiery and heels while cavorting with a model. De La
Hoya later underwent drug and alcohol rehabilitation twice.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 8:50 PM GMT

Foreign investors in fizzled development are at wit's end

BYLINE: By LISA RATHKE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 840 words

DATELINE: MONTPELIER, Vt.


MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) - Foreigners who had been banking on their investments in a
biomedical research facility and a hotel and rental cottage project in Vermont
to get green cards are scrambling to find a backup now that the project's
developers are accused of misusing hundreds of millions of dollars in what
investigators called a "massive eight-year fraud scheme."

Wei Wang and his wife, who are from Beijing and living in Houston after graduate
school, had hoped their investment of more than a half-million dollars would
lead them down the road to starting a restaurant.

"We were doing our business plans for the restaurant when this came up, so we
have to change everything," Wang said. "It's hard to accept that we may lose all
of our almost 600K."

Wang said he recently contacted about 30 other Chinese investors, of the 166
foreigners who chipped in a total of about $83 million in the biomedical
research project, to see if they might be able to work together to protect their
immigration status and money.

The federal Securities and Exchange Commission and the state of Vermont last
month accused Ariel Quiros - owner of Jay Peak, a large ski resort in the state
- and the resort's president of misusing in "Ponzi-like fashion" more than half
of nearly $400 million raised from foreign investors for developments through a
special visa program. The EB-5 program offers foreign investors a chance at
residency for investments in projects that create jobs.

Quiros also is accused in the civil complaints of "pilfering" $50 million of
investor funds for his personal use, including to buy the Jay Peak and Burke
Mountain ski resorts, a Trump Place luxury condo in New York, and to pay
personal income taxes. Both Quiros and Jay Peak president Bill Stenger have said
they will be cleared of wrongdoing.

The case is one of several around the country in which the EB-5 program was
allegedly used to defraud hundreds of investors out of tens of millions of
dollars.

One investor filed a class-action lawsuit Tuesday in Miami, where Quiros is
based, against Quiros, Stenger, the Raymond James financial firm and Quiros'
then-son-in-law, who was working at the firm. The lawsuit seeks to recover funds
the investor says were misused, commingled and stolen.

The status of investor funds related to the litigation ultimately will be
decided by the courts, the state of Vermont said. The federal receiver
overseeing the projects amid the fraud allegations said he is attempting to
protect both the investors' immigration status and the investments.

Five of the eight projects connected to Quiros and Stenger have been completed
and are operating, including the Jay Peak Hotel, indoor water park, ice arena
and golf course; the Jay Peak Golf and Mountain Suites; and the Jay Peak Lodge
and Townhouses.

But the biomedical research plant, which was expected to bring 450 jobs, is
unlikely to happen, Democratic Gov. Peter Shumlin said last month.

Federal receiver Michael Goldberg expects both Jay Peak and Burke Mountain
resorts, including a new hotel at Burke that has not yet opened, to be sold.

Mirna Alcalay, whose husband, Antonio Azcarate, invested in the biotech project,
described in an email to the AP about being stateless until her teens and then
living in Italy for years without legal residency. Her father was a Jew who
escaped the Nazis, and her mother escaped the Soviet regime, she said; her
husband's father lived in exile from Spain because he was against the dictator
Francisco Franco.

"In spite of all our current passports, and in spite of our middle age, my
husband and I decided to live in the US because we believe that meritocracy,
justice and general fairness are unique characteristics of this country," wrote
Alcalay, 53. "We sold more or less everything we had in Europe to move here."

Now, she said, they face the risk of losing their green cards and their money.

While EB-5 investors can hope for a return on their investment, there's no
guarantee they will receive one, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration
Services. The state has since changed the structure of the EB-5 regional program
to provide more financial oversight.

Felipe Vieira, of Brazil, said he decided to invest in Jay Peak to create a more
secure life for his small family. He said he made the decision after vacationing
in Stowe, Vermont, when his then-8-year-old daughter said she wanted to stay.

He sold a small farm about two hours outside of Rio de Janeiro and an apartment
in the city and moved with his family to Stowe. Now he worries they may not be
able to stay.

He said he is in contact with other investors so they can communicate their main
concerns to officials as a group.

Some investors have expressed interest in chipping in more money to make sure
the projects are completed and jobs are created, said Michael Goldberg, the
federal receiver.

Vieira, who works as a business analyst, said he can't because of expenses for
lawyers, moving, housing, and next year, his daughter is going to college.

"To tell the truth, I don't have money," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 8:08 PM GMT

House Speaker Paul Ryan says he's not ready to support Donald Trump as the GOP
nominee

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 17 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - House Speaker Paul Ryan says he's not ready to support Donald
Trump as the GOP nominee.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 7:31 PM GMT

AP FACT CHECK: Trump's vow to create Appalachian coal jobs

BYLINE: By DAVID KOENIG, AP Business Writer

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 897 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


DALLAS (AP) - Donald Trump says he would bring back lost coal-mining jobs, and
he is positioning for the November election in big coal states by portraying
Hillary Clinton as a job killer.

Trump, however, has yet to explain exactly how he will revitalize Appalachia's
coal industry. To pull it off, he will have to overcome market forces and a push
for cleaner fuels that have pummeled coal.

Coal's slump is largely the result of cheap natural gas, which now rivals coal
as a fuel for generating electricity. Older coal-fired plants are being idled to
meet clean-air standards.

Another hurdle for reviving coal mining in Appalachia: less coal. Reserves of
coal still in the ground are smaller than in western states like Wyoming, the
leading coal producer.

There is no question that there are fewer mining jobs today. According to the
Labor Department, there were 56,700 jobs in coal mining in March, down from
68,000 just a year earlier. In March 2009, shortly after President Barack Obama
entered office, there were 84,600 coal-mining jobs.

___

TRUMP: "We're going to get those miners back to work ... the miners of West
Virginia and Pennsylvania, which was so great to me last week, Ohio and all over
are going to start to work again, believe me. They are going to be proud again
to be miners."

THE FACTS: It is unclear what Trump would do to increase mining jobs. He has
long criticized the Obama administration's Environmental Protection Agency,
saying that its proposals to tighten emission standards on coal-burning power
plants are killing American jobs. A Trump adviser said that a Trump
administration would review many EPA regulations including those affecting the
coal industry.

While the requirements have raised the cost of operating coal-fired plants,
experts say a bigger factor in coal's decline has been cheaper natural gas.
Drilling techniques such as fracking have sparked a boom in gas production,
driving down prices and prompting utilities to switch from coal.

As recently as 2008, about half the electricity in the U.S. came from burning
coal and one-fifth from burning natural gas. Today, each accounts for about
one-third - nuclear, hydroelectric and renewables like solar and wind make up
most of the rest. Weak economic growth has hurt demand for Appalachian coal used
in making steel.

U.S. coal production fell 10 percent last year. The Energy Department predicts
it will drop 16 percent this year, the biggest one-year decline since 1958.

John Deskins, director of an economic-research bureau at West Virginia
University, said government's ability to boost coal production is limited.

"It is very unlikely we will see a return to levels of coal production like we
observed in 2008," the most recent peak in the state, Deskins said. Easing EPA
restrictions - the industry is challenging EPA in court - would help over the
long run, but not enough to offset the loss of market share to natural gas, he
said.

There is another limitation on coal's future in Appalachia: After decades of
heavy production, there is less of it to be mined.

Wyoming, with rich reserves of low-sulfur coal near the surface, is the largest
coal-producing-state and has the most coal still in the ground at producing
mines. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, Wyoming has
three times as much recoverable reserves at producing mines as West Virginia and
about twice as much as West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio combined.

___

TRUMP: "I want clean coal, and we're going to have clean coal and we're going to
have plenty of it. We're going to have great, clean coal. We're going to have an
amazing mining business."

THE FACTS: Clean coal covers a range of technologies, some already in use, to
reduce pollution. Many types of emissions from coal-fired plants have been
reduced, but the capturing and storing of carbon dioxide, the emission that
scientists say is most responsible for climate change, has been harder to
accomplish on a significant scale.

A model carbon-capture plant being built in Mississippi has encountered repeated
delays and huge cost overruns that will make it one of the most expensive power
plants ever built. The coal industry complains that carbon capture has not
received the government incentives showered on renewable energy.

___

TRUMP: "We're not going to be Hillary Clinton. I watched her three or four weeks
ago when she was talking about the miners as if they were just numbers, and she
was talking about she wants the mines closed and she will never let them work
again."

THE FACTS: Trump is hitting Clinton for comments she made in March on CNN and
which continue to dog the presumptive Democratic nominee on the campaign trail.
But the remark was part of a longer answer.

Clinton said she had a policy to help coal country benefit from creating
renewable energy "because we're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal
companies out of business, right?" That was quickly followed by "We've got to
move away from coal and all the other fossil fuels, but I don't want to move
away from the people who did the best they could to produce the energy that we
relied on."

This week an out-of-work coal miner in West Virginia confronted Clinton about
the remarks, even handing her a photo of his family. Clinton said she had made
"a misstatement."

"What I was saying," she told the voter, "is that the way things are going now
we will continue to lose jobs."

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 6:32 PM GMT

With Cruz out, social conservative leaders rethink Trump

BYLINE: By DAVID CRARY, AP National Writer

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 917 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - With their champion, Sen. Ted Cruz, now out of the presidential
race, groups opposing abortion and same-sex marriage say they'll bide their time
and warily assess Donald Trump before deciding whether to back him as the
Republican nominee.

During months of campaigning, Trump has made some statements about abortion and
gay rights that pleased social conservatives and others that unsettled them.
That inconsistency, coupled with various liberal-leaning comments he made in
past years, has deprived Trump of an enthusiastic embrace by the social
conservative camp.

Now, with Trump the presumptive GOP nominee, there are recalculations being made
by activist leaders who had backed Cruz, such as Tony Perkins, president of the
conservative Family Research Council.

"I endorsed Ted Cruz because of his clarity and conviction on issues that are
central to our mission," said Perkins "Now I'm going to step back and see what
Donald Trump says."

Two critical factors for Perkins: Who Trump picks as a running mate and what
signals he sends about how he'd vet future judicial nominees.

Perkins also said that Trump - if he wants to solidify support from social
conservatives - should study up on the details of their views.

"He needs to surround himself with people who understand these issues, and he
needs to listen to them. I'll be watching who he brings around him," Perkins
said.

Similar caution was voiced by Cruz supporter Brian Brown, president of the
National Organization for Marriage. The group was a major player in the
unsuccessful campaign to prevent the nationwide legalization of same-sex
marriage.

"We will take our time to assess options and determine whether Mr. Trump is
willing to engage in a discussion of the importance of these issues," Brown said
in an email.

Trump's mixed commentary on gay rights issues has irked activists on both the
left and right. For example, he has expressed misgivings about a North Carolina
law curtailing rights protections for LGBT people, and he has also faulted the
2015 Supreme Court ruling that struck down state bans on same-sex marriage.

Among the statements that troubled many conservatives was Trump's comment in a
TV interview that women getting illegal abortions should be punished. He quickly
backtracked after sharp criticism from anti-abortion activists who said it
undercut their efforts to empathize with women while targeting abortion
providers with restrictive laws.

The Susan B. Anthony List was among the anti-abortion groups assailing Trump.
Said its president, Marjorie Dannenfelser, last month, "Each pronouncement Mr.
Trump makes on the issue of life seemingly must be corrected by someone 15
minutes later."

Dannenfelser, who was impressed by Cruz, is now open to backing Trump if he
holds the anti-abortion line on three issues - defunding Planned Parenthood,
supporting federal legislation that would ban most late-term abortions, and
selecting federal judges who'd carry on the legacy of conservative Antonin
Scalia, the late Supreme Court justice.

"There is no question that we have been and will remain vigilant," Dannenfelser
said in regard to Trump. "But he has given us commitments ... We are cautiously
optimistic he'll stay steadfast."

Another major anti-abortion organization, National Right to Life, had supported
Cruz in the primaries. As of Thursday, it had not indicated publicly whether it
would back Trump, though its president, Carol Tobias, noted that the group -
like others in the social conservative realm - was opposed to Democratic
front-runner Hillary Clinton.

One prominent abortion opponent - economics professor Michael New of Ave Maria
University - went public with a tweet this week urging some leading Republican
to launch a campaign against Trump now that Cruz and John Kasich have dropped
out.

New, who employed the hashtag NeverTrumpForever, said he questioned Trump's
ability "to articulate the pro-life position in an attractive manner." He also
expressed doubts that Trump would nominate judges who would uphold anti-abortion
laws.

Back in late February, when his campaign was thriving, Cruz formed a religious
liberty advisory council and named 19 prominent social conservatives to serve on
it, with Tony Perkins as the chairman.

Among its members was Kelly Shackelford, President and CEO of the Texas-based
First Liberty Institute.

Shackelford says he's now open to supporting Trump, depending on how he handles
one specific issue - the selection of judicial nominees for the Supreme Court
and other federal courts with a view toward protecting religious freedom.

"I didn't have any doubt about the type of justices Ted Cruz would appoint,"
Shackelford said. "I haven't had any interaction with Donald Trump or his team,
but if he's committed to solid judicial appointments, he'll get my support."

Another member of the Cruz advisory council was the Rev. Samuel Rodriguez,
pastor at a church in Sacramento, California, and president of the evangelical
National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference.

Rodriguez said he would expect Trump to endorse "a pro-life, pro-family,
religious liberty, and immigration reform agenda."

"To date Donald Trump's comments about immigration have been inflammatory,
impractical and unhelpful," Rodriguez said in a statement. "Now that he is the
presumptive nominee, we call upon him to immediately stop rhetorical commentary
he has previously used that discredits groups, including Latino immigrants."

___

Follow David Crary on Twitter at http://twitter.com/CraryAP

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 5:50 PM GMT

Cruz's strong 2016 run may enhance his conservative clout

BYLINE: By WILL WEISSERT and SCOTT BAUER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Texas


AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - In finishing the Republican presidential race well ahead of
Donald Trump's other rivals, Ted Cruz is likely to be a leading GOP voice for
the foreseeable future.

Less clear is whether Cruz harnesses that clout to boost Trump's White House bid
- after all the bad blood between them - or simply solidifies his place as a
champion of conservative causes, Senate troublemaker and star of Texas politics.

"There's no question" Cruz remains No. 1 in Texas despite falling to Trump
nationally, says political consultant Matt Mackowiak, who's based in the state.

"There's no bigger draw, there's no one whose endorsement means more, there's no
one who has a larger organization," Mackowiak said. "To me right now, he is the
Texas leader, and the national leader, of the conservative movement. That wasn't
the case when the race started."

In the Senate, Cruz infuriated leaders in both parties instead of working
cooperatively on legislation and other issues. He incited House conservatives,
who helped take down John Boehner as House speaker, and he can be expected to
resume those allegiances, and his show-horse ways, in using the Senate as a
platform for a possible 2020 presidential bid.

"Clearly, he didn't come here to remain in the Senate," John Cornyn, Texas'
senior senator and Senate majority whip, recently told a Dallas TV station. "He
came here to run for president."

During his White House campaign, Cruz reveled in, rather than toned down, his
bomb-throwing mentality, an approach that left many Republican colleagues
disdainful of him when he was the last viable alternative to Trump.

As a mostly powerless first-term senator, though, Cruz used his short time in
Washington before running for president to frame contentious national issues in
ways that boosted his political career. His all-night quasi-filibuster failed to
stop President Barack Obama's health care law but caused a national stir. The
2013 government shutdown he helped force didn't advance GOP goals but made Cruz
a hero in conservative grassroots circles.

Brendan Steinhauser, a former tea party organizer who later managed Cornyn's
2014 re-election campaign, said Cruz can succeed with more of the same: "I think
he has to continue to fight and be who he is."

"There's obviously a lot more people paying attention to him as a senator,"
Steinhauser said. "I think he's got some political capital. It's how you decide
to spend it."

Meantime Cruz's place atop the political heap in the largest conservative state
is secure. Both Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick enthusiastically
endorsed his presidential bid.

Cruz isn't expected to face a serious Republican primary challenge when he's up
for Senate re-election in 2018. The primary race is probably the only one that
will matter because a Democrat hasn't won statewide office in Texas in 21 years.

Patrick served as the Cruz campaign's Texas chairman and suggested that if Trump
wins the presidency, he should tap Cruz to replace the late Antonin Scalia on
the Supreme Court.

"It is my hope that after a few weeks, Trump and Cruz meet," Patrick wrote on
Facebook. "The race between the two had been very heated but I hope they can
mend fences sooner than later."

An immediate endorsement from Cruz seems unlikely. Cruz didn't mention the now
presumptive Republican presidential nominee during his concession speech
Tuesday, which came hours after Cruz unloaded on Trump, calling him "utterly
amoral," a "pathological liar" and a "serial philanderer."

Cruz's relationship with Trump worsened during the presidential campaign. After
calling him "terrific" and avoiding conflict as some of the other GOP White
House contenders criticized the front-runner and saw their popularity plummet,
Cruz finally went after the billionaire in January. But Cruz saved his harshest
and most personal words for the morning of what turned out to be his last day as
a candidate.

Cruz could have continued campaigning through the end of the Republican primary
season, but weeks of facing more harsh criticism from Trump might have tarnished
him before a possible second presidential bid - especially if Hillary Clinton
wins the White House in November.

Not endorsing Trump could prove wise should the New Yorker lose the general
election handily. Cruz supporter Shak Hill, who ran for U.S. Senate in Virginia
in 2014, said he'd rather not hear Cruz mention Trump again.

"For Senator Cruz, and other like-minded conservatives like me, a short-term
endorsement would violate a longtime principle and fight," Hill said. He said
Cruz should not speak in opposition to Trump "but I would absolutely not
endorse. Principles matter."

___

Bauer reported from Indianapolis.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 5:08 PM GMT

Tow truck driver leaves Bernie Sanders supporter stranded

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 133 words

DATELINE: ASHEVILLE, N.C.


ASHEVILLE, N.C. (AP) - A North Carolina tow truck driver certainly isn't
"feeling the Bern."

Kenneth Shupe tells FOX Carolina (http://bit.ly/1SMV9yz) that he stopped hooking
up a woman's car to his tow truck Monday after he noticed a sign supporting
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders in rear window of the vehicle.

Shupe, who supports Republican Donald Trump, says he told her that he couldn't
tow her car because she was "obviously a socialist." He tells the station that
he told her to "call the government" for a tow.

Cassy McWade, who was left stranded, says she believes that the Shupe wouldn't
want someone to do the same thing to him if the situation were reversed. Her
mother calls it an act of "bigotry."

Shupe says he respects their beliefs and hopes that they respect his views.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 3:55 PM GMT

Senate Dems field large roster of women in the Year of Trump

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 936 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - If 2016 has been the Year of Trump in politics, it may also
end up being a new Year of the Woman, if Democrats get their way. And that won't
be a coincidence.

Democrats aim to have female Senate candidates on the ballot in nine states in
November, a near-record, and these contenders will likely be sharing the ticket
with the first major-party female presidential nominee in history in Hillary
Clinton.

Donald Trump, whose commanding win in Indiana cemented his improbable status as
the GOP's presumptive presidential nominee, is viewed unfavorably by 70 percent
of women, according to Gallup. So as discomfited Republican Senate candidates
released statements trying to change the topic or have it both ways Wednesday,
Democrats made plans to link their largely male opponents to Trump, seeking to
win back control of the Senate in November by electing Democratic women from
coast to coast.

"I'll tell you as a professional woman, too many women have had to fight Donald
Trump's type of sexism and offensive rhetoric their entire lives," said
Democratic Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick of Arizona, who is challenging Republican Sen.
John McCain and released an early ad in February tying the incumbent to Trump.

"After 33 years in Washington John McCain has changed, and Donald Trump proves
that he has changed," Kirkpatrick said in an interview, comments reflecting the
Democratic approach in key Senate races across the country. "Because even after
Trump's sexist and offensive rhetoric, McCain has been really clear that he
would still support Trump."

Republicans have grappled for months with the impact a Trump candidacy would
have on their efforts to protect their slim 54-46 seat Senate majority. Last
fall, the executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee,
Ward Baker, wrote a memo later leaked to The Washington Post that warned
candidates to take lessons from Trump's rise but steer clear of his incendiary
stances.

"Houston, we have a problem," Baker wrote. "Donald Trump has said some wacky
things about women. ... We do not want to re-engage the 'war on women' fight, so
isolate Trump on this issue by offering a quick condemnation of it."

Indeed for all of the controversies he's stoked and every voter group he's
offended while appealing to enough white Republican men to emerge as the GOP
nominee, women could be Trump's biggest problem this fall, and the biggest
problem for Senate Republicans. Women vote in higher numbers than men - in 2012,
10 million more women cast ballots than men - and vote more heavily Democratic.
This year, strategists in both parties expect those trends to be magnified given
Trump's unpopularity with women, Clinton's historic candidacy (though she
herself faces high negative ratings), and the large number of women running for
Senate.

On Wednesday, EMILY's List, an influential political committee dedicated to
electing women, targeted five GOP Senate candidates who face female opponents in
November, demanding to know whether they would play the "woman's card."

"Are we about to see him devalue his female opponent and launch character
attacks on her in the same vein as Donald Trump?" asked the releases aimed at
McCain, Rep. Joe Heck of Nevada, and Sens. Richard Burr of North Carolina, Mark
Kirk of Illinois and Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania.

EMILY's List President Stephanie Schriock said this election presents the chance
to send a historic number of women to the Senate, even more than in 1992's "Year
of the Woman" when female voters outraged over the all-male Judiciary
Committee's treatment of Anita Hill at hearings on Clarence Thomas' Supreme
Court nomination swept women into office around the country.

"Donald Trump is going to have to really expand the electorate to overcome how
badly he is seen by women," Schriock said. "If you're starting your presidential
campaign with 70 percent basically women who don't like you, you're going to
have to find a lot of brand-new voters, a lot. And the truth is there's not
enough."

Already, a GOP-run anti-Trump political action committee aired an ad featuring
women reading some of Trump's negative comments about women, including "bimbo,"
''dog," and "fat pig." In Arkansas, Democratic longshot Connor Eldridge released
a digital ad this week showing Trump himself saying some of those things and
worse, and Republican Sen. John Boozman pledging to support the GOP nominee.

Democrats say much more of the same is yet to come.

"We have repeatedly called on Pat Toomey to distance himself from those and
other comments of Donald Trump's and he's refused," said Katie McGinty,
Democrats' Senate nominee in Pennsylvania. "What we have is a Trump-Toomey
ticket."

Toomey's spokesman Ted Kwong said that Toomey has made clear he disagrees with
Trump in several areas, and accused McGinty of being "a total rubber stamp for
Hillary Clinton and the Washington party bosses." McCain's spokeswoman, Lorna
Romero, offered a similar retort to Kirkpatrick, saying that her "only
accomplishment in office is being a rubber stamp for this president."

Yet Toomey, McCain and the other Republicans running for re-election find
themselves in a no-win situation. All have pledged to support the eventual
nominee - to do otherwise would risk alienating Trump's many enthusiastic
supporters. But most want to create some distance from Trump if they can,
forcing a delicate straddle that might get only trickier through the fall.

Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, a vulnerable incumbent, summed up the
dilemma by declaring through a spokeswoman Wednesday that she would support
Trump for president - just not endorse him.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 3:31 PM GMT

How Trump broke the rules of modern politics, and won anyway

BYLINE: By NANCY BENAC, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1056 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Polling? Who needs to do that? Fundraising? Can't be bothered.
Parse your words? Fuhgetabout it.

Donald Trump took the rules of modern politics, trashed them and became the last
man standing for the Republican nomination anyway.

12 ways Trump did it his way:

___

SAY ANYTHING

It's what Trump's supporters love about him: He blurts out whatever pops into
his head. He rejects "political correctness." He insults rivals and critics. He
has fun. After one particularly salty salvo, Trump explained, "That's what I
mean about being politically correct, every once in a while you can have a
little fun, don't you think?" Plenty of candidates may think it, but Trump said
it: "I'd like to punch him in the face," he said of one protester. To listen to
a Trump speech from start to finish is to enter an alternate grammatical
universe. Sentences veer off in unexpected directions as Trump has a new
thought. When he interjects his trademark "by the way," there's no telling where
he's headed next.

___

CHEAPSKATE

The billionaire is proud to campaign on the cheap, milking free media in a way
that other candidates could only envy. He functioned through most of the
primaries with a bare-bones staff. He had no national finance chairman - until
Thursday. He never set up a traditional fundraising operation. Sure, he has
"donate" buttons on his website, and raises millions hawking hats and other
gear. But forget the chicken dinner circuit. Or charging donors $1,000 for a
grip-and-grin photo. Or asking supporters to "bundle" contributions from friends
and neighbors. Early on, Trump tweeted: "So, I have spent almost nothing on my
run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million & done.
Run country my way!"

___

NO POLLING

The poll-obsessed candidate doesn't have a pollster. Other candidates spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars on surveys to poll-test their words and
messages, and track their standings in primary states. Trump goes with his gut
and mines public polls for intel. He often tells crowds that he relies on his
wife, Melania, to help him take the temperature of voters. "She's my pollster,"
he said, adding, "She's really smart."

___

CONSISTENCY

Most candidates recoil from the dreaded "flip-flopper" label. Trump unabashedly
changes his mind - not just week to week or day to day, but sometimes even
within the same speech. He frames it as an asset. "I've never seen a successful
person who wasn't flexible," Trump said at one GOP debate. "You have to be
flexible, because you learn."

___

POLICY GAPS

Candidates love to trot out five-point plans and lofty position papers - some
more detailed than others. Trump, not so much. His outline for replacing
Obamacare is more aspirational than detailed. His recent "America First" foreign
policy speech was a broad-brush endeavor. Trump makes a virtue of leaving
enemies guessing about U.S. intentions. "We have to be unpredictable, starting
now," he says.

___

POTTY MOUTH

Trump salts his speeches with vulgarities - although he's dialed it back a bit
after a scolding from Melania. Lots of politicians use profanities, of course,
but typically not in public. Trump has publicly lip-synced the F-bomb, blurted
out the S-word and hurled an offensive term at rival Ted Cruz. He fires a steady
string of put-downs at other candidates whom he labels pathetic, liar, loser,
nasty, evil and more. Oh, and not many candidates use the debate stage to refer
to the size of their genitals.

___

DISSING SUPER PACS

It's become routine for candidates to rely on independent super PACs stocked
with former aides and allies to play a strong supporting role for their
campaigns, spending millions on political ads. Trump didn't go that route in the
primary, and was proud to proclaim he didn't have a super PAC, although a few
have sprung up to back him anyway. He said in his speech entering the race: "I
don't need anybody's money. It's nice. ... I'm not using the lobbyists. I'm not
using donors. I don't care. I'm really rich." Now that the general election race
is under way, though, he's warming to the idea.

___

GREED IS GOOD

Remember how 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney was tarred by critics as a ruthless
corporate fat cat? Trump has turned greed into a campaign asset. "My whole life
I've been greedy, greedy, greedy," he said at a rally in Iowa. "I grabbed all
the money I can get. I'm so greedy. But now I want to be greedy for the United
States. I want to grab all that money. I'm going to be greedy for the United
States."

___

INSULTS

Women. Hispanics. Muslims. Trump kept winning even as he rolled out a stream of
remarks that could be a turn-off to huge swaths of the electorate. It started
with his campaign-announcement speech, when he said illegal immigration from
Mexico is bringing rapists, drugs and crime to the U.S. Then came his pledge to
bar foreign Muslims from entering the country. Throughout his campaign, he's had
harsh words for women and their appearances, mocking the looks of Carly Fiorina,
retweeting an unflattering photo of Heidi Cruz and accusing Hillary Clinton of
playing the "woman's card." Trump voters love that he "tells it like it is."

___

POUTING, PICKING FIGHTS

Trump isn't afraid to pick a fight, even with a conservative powerhouse like Fox
News Channel. He refused to participate in a Fox-sponsored debate in January
after Fox refused to remove Megyn Kelly as a moderator. He was irked that Kelly
had asked him in a previous debate about statements that he had made about
women. Trump isn't afraid to make up, though. He's agreed to an interview with
Kelly later this month.

___

PRESIDENTIAL? MAYBE LATER.

Trump keeps promising he'll act more "presidential' when the time is right. But,
for now, he's having fun - and so are his supporters. "I can be presidential,"
he said at rally last month. "But if I was presidential, only about 20 percent
of you would be here because it would be boring as hell."

___

THE HAIR

Trump's distinctive hairstyle may be in for a makeover if he's elected
president. "I would probably comb my hair back. Why? Because this thing is too
hard to comb," he said at an appearance in Iowa last summer. "I wouldn't have
time, because if I were in the White House, I'd be working my ass off."

___

Associated Press writer Julie Bykowicz contributed to this report.

___

Follow Nancy Benac on Twitter at http://twitter.com/nbenac

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 2:30 PM GMT

George W. Bush said to be not commenting on Trump victory

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 135 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Bush family may not be receptive to any effort by likely
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to reach out to skeptics in the
party.

A spokesman for George W. Bush said Wednesday the former president does "not
plan to participate in or comment on" the 2016 presidential race.

The spokesman, Freddy Ford, was responding to an inquiry from The Associated
Press about whether Bush planned to support Trump.

While Bush has largely stayed out of politics since leaving the White House, his
refusal to publicly support his party's nominee is remarkable. It underscores
the deep frustration within some corners of the GOP over Trump's candidacy. His
father, former President George H.W. Bush, also hasn't been heard from since
Trump's string of victories in the Northeast primaries and Indiana.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 2:11 PM GMT

UK's Cameron: Trump deserves respect but is wrong on Muslims

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 126 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - British Prime Minister David Cameron has toned down his comments
on Donald Trump, saying the Republican presidential hopeful deserves respect -
but was wrong to call for a ban on Muslims entering the U.S.

After Trump proposed the temporary ban on Muslims last year in the wake of
attacks by extremists, Cameron called the comments "divisive, stupid and wrong."

Asked at a news conference Thursday if he wanted to apologize for calling
Trump's remarks stupid, Cameron said that anyone who came through the "grueling"
race to select their party's nominee "certainly deserves our respect."

But on Trump's suggestion about banning Muslims, Cameron said "I'm very clear
that the policy idea that was put forward was wrong, is wrong and will remain
wrong."

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 10:58 AM GMT

Coast Guard investigates boat shooting report off Key West

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: KEY WEST, Fla.


KEY WEST, Fla. (AP) - The U.S. Coast Guard is investigating a report that
someone on a fishing boat fired multiple shots in the direction of a 20-foot
pleasure boat while its passengers were diving southwest of Key West.

Coast Guard officials said in a news release that the report was received
Wednesday morning from someone on board the pleasure boat, which was about 20
nautical miles southwest of Marquesas Key.

The Coast Guard Cutter William Trump was diverted to the area, where they were
joined from a boat crew from Key West. They conducted a boarding of the fishing
boat and took control of both vessels, escorting them into port.

The agency is conducting a criminal investigation. The Florida Fish and Wildlife
Conservation Commission also will investigate possible fishing violations.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 7:00 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 150 words


"The spirit, the essence of America lies in the hearts and souls of us. Some
missed this message. It wasn't sexy, it wasn't a great sound bite." - Ohio Gov.
John Kasich, announcing that he is suspending his presidential campaign, which
failed to gain traction with GOP voters in a race dominated by Donald Trump.

___

"I will not rest and I'm going to make sure that the leaders at every level of
government don't rest until every drop of water that flows to your homes is safe
to drink and safe to cook with and safe to bathe in." - President Barack Obama,
visiting Flint, Mich., where lead contamination forced residents to spend months
drinking, cooking and bathing with bottled water.

___

"The view from the air is heartbreaking." - Alberta Premier Rachel Notley, after
a flight to survey the wildfires that have torched 1,600 homes and other
buildings in Canada's main oil sands city of Fort McMurray.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 6:27 AM GMT

Schedule, opponent turns postseason into grinding challenge

BYLINE: By TERESA M. WALKER, AP Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 851 words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE, Tenn.


NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The Nashville Predators have settled into quite a rhythm
in the postseason. Game, off day. Rinse and repeat now for three weeks and
counting.

That's what happens after pushing - and winning - a first-round series in seven
games.

The Predators will play their 11th game in 21 days Thursday night against San
Jose in Game 4 of their second-round series. St. Louis also went seven games
against Chicago, though the Blues had a three-day break before starting their
series with Dallas.

The Predators also have the added twist of their second straight series with a
California team after knocking off Anaheim. That turns days when the series
switches cities into travel days featuring long flights between time zones.
Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said Wednesday that it has been quite a grind.

"We really haven't practiced in a long time," Laviolette said. "I'm not sure
that we'll get to one unless we catch a break for a couple days. Maybe we'll
catch one practice I think before Game 7. But other than that, I think rest
trumps everything now. We want to make sure our players have the juice to play."

Players also have little time to celebrate a win or brood over a loss. Blues
forward Jaden Schwartz said there's no other choice this time of year.

"In playoffs, you get a day to rest up and recover and then you've got to bring
that same mindset to the next game," Schwartz said.

Here's a look at Thursday night's games:

___

Sharks at Predators, San Jose leads 2-1, 9 p.m. EDT, CNBC

The NHL's best road team is coming off its first road loss this postseason. The
Sharks have not lost back-to-back games since Dec. 18 at Ottawa and Dec. 20 at
Chicago, and coach Peter DeBoer isn't worried about a new trend starting
Thursday night in Game 4 after a 4-1 loss Tuesday night.

He noted the Sharks found themselves in a similar situation after losing Game 3
to the Kings in the first series, this time being shut out on four power plays.

"Everyone thought the sky was falling," DeBoer said. "The next night we came out
and I think scored three power-play goals. I think one of the strengths of our
group is recognizing what we're not doing well and getting it fixed for the next
night. And I'm confident that will happen."

Laviolette benched veteran Mike Ribeiro looking for more speed and also mixed up
his lines. The combination worked as Filip Forsberg scored his second goal of
the postseason and first since the opening game of the first round, while James
Neal scored his first goal of this series.

Now the Predators want to even up this series after finally starting up their
own power play, going 2 of 5 in Game 3.

"We're playing really well right now, so it's a good situation and really big
game for both teams," Nashville goalie Pekka Rinne said of Game 4.

___

Stars at Blues, St. Louis leads 2-1, 8 p.m. EDT, NBCSN

St. Louis Blues tough guy Ryan Reaves blew a kiss to the Dallas Stars' bench
after late fisticuffs in Game 3 of their second-round series. No doubt, the
Stars will remember in Game 4.

"I think the players note that, yeah, I think they do," Dallas coach Lindy Ruff
said Wednesday. "Our guys were embarrassed last night, and that's stuff you take
to heart. That's stuff you use. We're a proud team."

Reaves was responding to a boarding penalty by Stephen Johns on Blues defenseman
Alex Pietranelo with about three minutes to go in a 6-1 rout on Tuesday. After
getting the best of Curtis McKenzie in a fight, Reaves rubbed it in a bit.

Pietrangelo said the only damage from the hit was a scratch near his right eye.

"It's good to see guys sticking up for each other," Pietrangelo said. "We're a
tight group and we're not going to let anybody take liabilities on us and that's
what Reavo stood up for."

Blues coach Ken Hitchcock said there's a lot of animosity in all series right
now.

"I saw five or six clips from Nashville this morning, it's nasty," Hitchcock
said. "You see press conferences from the coaches who lost, they're abrupt,
they're direct."

___

SPEAKING OF UNHAPPY COACHES

Some sleep after the Islanders' overtime loss to Tampa Bay didn't change New
York coach Jack Capuano's mind. He still believes Brian Boyle's hit on Thomas
Hickey that led to the winning goal seconds later deserved further punishment by
the NHL.

Capuano said Wednesday on a conference call that the hit was high and noted
suspensions for high hits in the other Eastern Conference series where
Washington's Brooks Orpik received a three-game suspension and Pittsburgh's Kris
Letang one.

"The hit on Thomas Hickey you can see his head snap back, and you can see the
shoulder and elbow up into the head area," Capuano said. "Totally two different
hits from the angles I had, it's not even close."

Boyle scored at 2:48 of the extra period on a Tampa Bay rush to lift the
Lightning to a 5-4 victory for a 2-1 series lead. Seconds before, Boyle
delivered a hard shoulder hit to Hickey's head on the left side after the
Islanders defenseman had sent the puck forward. No penalty was called.

Game 4 is Friday night with Tampa Bay up 2-1.

___

AP Sports Writers R.B. Fallstrom and Vin Cherwoo contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Lookahead

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2077 words


Trump's open path to nomination causes agony for some in GOP

WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump's last Republican foe, Ohio Gov. John Kasich,
ended his quixotic presidential campaign Wednesday, cementing Trump's remarkable
triumph as his party's presumptive nominee and launching him toward a likely
fall battle with Hillary Clinton. Some Republican leaders began reluctantly
rallying around Trump, but others agonized over their party's future.

The billionaire businessman vowed to unite the splintered GOP, even as he was
bitingly dismissive of members who have been critical of his campaign.

"Those people can go away and maybe come back in eight years after we served two
terms," he said on NBC's "Today" Show. "Honestly, there are some people I really
don't want."

Trump's challenge in uniting Republicans was abundantly clear Wednesday. Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell issued a frosty statement saying he had
committed to backing the GOP nominee and noting Trump's "obligation" to bring
the party together. And in a remarkable move, the last two Republicans to occupy
the Oval Office - President George H.W. Bush and President George W. Bush - made
clear they would not be helping Trump win the White House.

Clinton, in her first remarks since Trump's new status was crystalized, said she
was more than prepared to handle the kind of deeply personal attacks that helped
defeat Trump's Republican rivals.

___

US government: North Carolina LGBT law violates civil rights

RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - A North Carolina law limiting protections to LGBT people
violates federal civil rights laws and can't be enforced, the U.S. Justice
Department said Wednesday, putting the state on notice that it is in danger of
being sued and losing hundreds of millions of dollars in federal funding.

The law, which requires transgender people to use public bathrooms that conform
to the sex on their birth certificate, has been broadly condemned by gay-rights
groups, businesses and entertainers. Some have relocated offices or canceled
shows in the state. Several other states have proposed similar laws in recent
months limiting protections to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.

In a letter to Gov. Pat McCrory, the Justice Department said federal officials
view the state law as violating federal Civil Rights Act protections barring
workplace discrimination based on sex. Provisions of the state law directed at
transgender state employees violate their anti-discrimination protections, the
letter said.

"The State is engaging in a pattern or practice of discrimination against
transgender state employees and both you, in your official capacity, and the
state are engaging in a pattern or practice of resistance" of their rights, the
letter said.

The DOJ notification appeared to be an attempt by President Barack Obama's
administration to extend a new requirement involving which bathrooms and locker
rooms transgender people will be allowed to use, McCrory said.

___

10 Things to Know for Thursday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. OHIO GOV. JOHN KASICH ENDS HIS QUIXOTIC PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN

The move underscores Donald Trump's remarkable rise as the presumptive GOP
nominee and likely pits him against Hillary Clinton.

2. WHO SIPPED THE WATER IN FLINT

Obama. He promises to ride herd on leaders at all levels of government until
every drop of water flowing into homes in the Michigan town is safe to use.

___

Obama tells Flint residents, 'I've got your back'

FLINT, Mich. (AP) - Sipping filtered city water to show it's again drinkable,
President Barack Obama promised Wednesday to ride herd on leaders at all levels
of government until every drop of water flowing into homes in Flint, Michigan,
is safe to use.

He also promised that the aging pipes that contaminated the water with lead will
be replaced, but cautioned that the project will take time. Obama said he wanted
to use the crisis to make long-term improvements to the city, where more than 40
percent of residents live in poverty.

"It's not going to happen overnight, but we have to get started," Obama told
hundreds of people gathered in a high school gymnasium. Obama spoke after he was
briefed on the federal response to the water contamination and had met privately
with nine residents.

Obama said he understood why people are scared and angry and feel let down. He
said what happened in Flint was a manmade disaster that didn't have to happen.
But he said it did happen and everyone must now work together to fix it.

"I've got your back," Obama said. "I will not rest and I'm going to make sure
that the leaders at every level of government don't rest until every drop of
water that flows to your homes is safe to drink and safe to cook with and safe
to bathe in."

___

US declares Aleppo cease-fire, Syria says only for 48 hours

DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) - Sporadic violence persisted in Aleppo on Wednesday as
U.S. officials announced an agreement had been reached with Russia to extend
Syria's fragile cease-fire to the deeply contested northern city. The Syrian
military said the truce would last only 48 hours.

Restoration of a partial truce would bring relief to residents on both sides of
Syria's largest city after two weeks of relentless violence that has killed
nearly 300 people, destroyed hospitals and brought it to the brink of
humanitarian disaster.

It was not immediately clear whether the new effort will be observed or for how
long. The U.S. and Russia finalized a nationwide cease-fire in late February,
but have struggled to make it stick.

The agreement was reached late Tuesday and took effect at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday
Damascus time (7 a.m. EDT), Secretary of State John Kerry said.

Since the truce began, "we have seen an overall decrease in violence ... even
though there are some reports of continued fighting in some locations, which
does not surprise us because it only went into effect one minute after
midnight," Kerry said.

___

Questions: Did Prince's call for help get right response?

CHICAGO (AP) - Dramatic details emerging about how a California doctor reacted
to a desperate call for help from Prince's staff a day before the musician was
found dead have drawn criticism from experts in addiction medicine.

Prince's representatives contacted Dr. Howard Kornfeld of California on April
20, with the musician's knowledge, seeking help for Prince's addiction to
painkillers, Kornfeld's attorney, William Mauzy, said Wednesday. Kornfeld wasn't
able to travel immediately to Minnesota, so he arranged for his son Andrew to
travel instead via an overnight flight, Mauzy said.

Andrew Kornfeld was carrying a small amount of the prescription drug
buprenorphine. Mauzy said Andrew Kornfeld planned to give that drug to a
Minnesota doctor who was scheduled to see Prince. Andrew Kornfeld - described as
a pre-med student - was among the first to discover Prince unresponsive on April
21 and he called 911.

Asked by reporters about the legality of his carrying buprenorphine, Mauzy
declined to answer. But he said he believes Minnesota law would protect Andrew
Kornfeld from any potential charges related to Prince's death. Under the law, a
person who seeks medical assistance for someone who is overdosing on drugs may
not be prosecuted for possessing or sharing controlled substances, under certain
circumstances.

The Kornfelds did not respond to multiple requests for comment from The
Associated Press.

___

Attorney: Prince arranged to meet addiction doctor

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - In his final weeks, Prince hid signs of trouble from his
fans, stonewalling reports of an overdose that required an emergency plane
landing and making a brief public appearance to reassure them. But privately,
the superstar was in crisis, seeking help from a prominent addiction expert that
ultimately came too late.

The day before he died, Prince's representatives reached out to a prominent
California doctor who specializes in treating addiction and set up an initial
meeting between the two, the doctor's Minneapolis attorney, William Mauzy, said
Wednesday. He said the doctor, Howard Kornfeld, couldn't leave right away so he
sent his son, Andrew, who flew out that night.

It was Andrew Kornfeld who called 911 the next morning after he and two staffers
found Prince unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park studio complex, the
lawyer said. Prince was declared dead shortly thereafter on April 21. He was 57.

The details about Prince's death that emerged Wednesday raise questions about
whether he received appropriate care and whether those who sought to provide it
could face legal consequences for their actions.

Although autopsy results haven't been released, Mauzy's revelations, which were
first reported by the Star Tribune, buttress reports that Prince had been
fighting - and ultimately lost - a battle with prescription painkillers.

___

Complaint details kidnapping death of girl on Navajo nation

SHIPROCK, N.M. (AP) - On the far side of a desert hilltop in the shadow of the
Shiprock Pinnacle, a towering monolith sacred to the Navajo Nation, the stranger
ignored the cries of an 11-year-old girl.

Hours had passed since the man had talked the girl and her brother into his van
by promising to show them a movie.

She begged to be taken home, but he led her away from her 9-year-old brother, to
an even more remote spot, where he removed her clothes and sexually assaulted
her. Then he hit her twice in the head with a tire iron and left her for dead
before driving off and leaving the boy as well, all alone, as night fell.

These and other details about the final moments of Ashlynne Mike's life began to
emerge Wednesday from court documents and family members, as the suspect, Tom
Begaye, a 27-year-old Navajo man from a neighboring community, appeared before a
federal magistrate on murder and kidnapping charges.

A criminal complaint released Wednesday outlined the crime based on statements
Begaye made to investigators after he was arrested.

___

Alberta declares emergency as fires threaten Canada oil town

FORT MCMURRAY, Alberta (AP) - Alberta declared a state of emergency Wednesday as
crews frantically held back wind-whipped wildfires that have already torched
1,600 homes and other buildings in Canada's main oil sands city of Fort
McMurray, forcing more than 80,000 residents to flee.

Alberta Premier Rachel Notley said fire had destroyed or damaged an estimated
1,600 structures. Flames are being kept from the downtown area thanks to the
"herculean'" efforts of firefighters, said Scott Long of the Alberta Emergency
Management Agency. No injuries or fire related fatalities have been reported.

The fire appeared near the airport late Wednesday where crews were onsite. All
commercial flights in and out of Fort McMurray have been suspended.

Unseasonably hot temperatures combined with dry conditions have transformed the
boreal forest in much of Alberta into a tinder box. Fort McMurray is surrounded
by wilderness in the heart of Canada's oil sands - the third largest reserves of
oil in the world behind Saudi Arabia and Venezuela.

Danielle Larivee, Alberta's minister of municipal affairs, said the fire is
actively burning in residential areas. More than 250 firefighters are battling
the blaze. An update from the Municipality of Wood Buffalo later in the evening
indicated the fire was continuing to claim homes and had destroyed a new school.

___

Denial, bargaining, acceptance: stages of a Trump candidacy

In the beginning, many took it as a joke: A billionaire developer, riding his
gilded escalators down from his Manhattan penthouse, his third wife at his side,
to announce he was running for president. Neil Young's "Rockin' in the Free
World" blared from the speakers.

No way could Donald Trump eclipse the seriously wonky political heir Jeb Bush or
the fresh-faced Gen Xer Marco Rubio.

"It was funny then, but I always had a little bit of dread," said Kiesha
Garrison, a 36-year-old wife and mother living in Bellevue, Washington. "There
were so many people saying they wanted to run for president. It seemed like a
media ploy, something that would get his name out there. But it didn't seem like
something serious."

Ten months later, it's serious. After Tuesday's Indiana primary, Trump is the
presumptive Republican candidate for president, following in the footsteps of
Ronald Reagan, Dwight Eisenhower and Teddy Roosevelt (as well as Barry
Goldwater, Bob Dole and Wendell Willkie).

A lot of people are surprised, to put it mildly.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 2:39 AM GMT

Obama urges Asian-Americans to stand up to bigotry

BYLINE: By DARLENE SUPERVILLE, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - President Barack Obama on Wednesday urged Asian-Americans and
Pacific Islanders to fight bigotry and to press Congress to update U.S.
immigration policy.

Obama said America's tradition is to welcome newcomers because it was founded by
immigrants. He said that tradition also makes difficult to understand why some
people are blocking efforts to overhaul U.S. immigration laws.

"We don't simply welcome new immigrants. We are born of immigrants," Obama told
hundreds attending the Asian Pacific American Institute of Congressional
Studies' annual awards dinner. The nonpartisan, nonprofit organization promotes
Asian-American and Pacific Islander participation and representation in
politics.

Comprehensive immigration legislation cleared the Senate in 2013, but House
leaders did not bring the bill up for a vote. Obama has used his executive
authority to shield some immigrants living illegally in the country from
deportation, but more than two dozen states, led by Texas, challenged his action
in federal court.

The Supreme Court recently heard arguments in the case and a decision is
expected by the end of June.

In his remarks, Obama said: "The actions I've taken on my own can't take the
place of what we really need, which is Congress to pass comprehensive
immigration reform. ... You have the power to push Congress to do it."

He said the AAPI community is the fastest-growing minority group in the U.S.,
but is also significantly underrepresented at the ballot box.

In a reference to Donald Trump, the likely Republican presidential nominee,
Obama urged the audience to push back against anti-immigrant sentiment,
especially from people who stoke such feelings for political gain.

Trump has called for barring Muslims from entering the country, and also has
pledged to deport the estimated 11 million people living illegally in the U.S.

Obama said that just as the U.S. has moved beyond "No Irish need apply" signs,
questioning the loyalty of Catholics, persecuting Chinese immigrants and its
treatment of Japanese-Americans and immigrants during World War II, "we are
going to move beyond today's anti-immigrant sentiment, as well."

"We will live up to our ideals," said Obama.

___

Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 1:27 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Thursday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 333 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. OHIO GOV. JOHN KASICH ENDS HIS QUIXOTIC PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN

The move underscores Donald Trump's remarkable rise as the presumptive GOP
nominee and likely pits him against Hillary Clinton.

2. WHO SIPPED THE WATER IN FLINT

Obama. He promises to ride herd on leaders at all levels of government until
every drop of water flowing into homes in the Michigan town is safe to use.

3. THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT PUT WHICH STATE ON NOTICE AND WHY

The DOJ says North Carolina risks being sued and losing federal funding because
a state law limiting protections to LGBT people violates civil rights laws.

4. PRINCE REPS REACHED OUT TO WHOM JUST BEFORE THE SUPERSTAR'S SUDDEN DEATH

A Northern California doctor who is an addiction and pain specialist was asked
to help Prince before he died.

5. THE LATEST IN SYRIA

Sporadic violence persists in Aleppo as U.S. officials announce an agreement had
been reached with Russia to extend Syria's fragile cease-fire.

6. DETAILS OF A NAVAJO GIRL'S KIDNAPPING DEATH SURFACE

Court documents show that an 11-year-old Navajo girl in New Mexico was sexually
assaulted, hit on the head with a tire iron and left to die by a Navajo man from
a neighboring community.

7. TEXAS MAN KILLS CO-WORKER, SELF

Authorities say the man was fired last month from his job at a transportation
company outside Houston.

8. THE LATEST TECH DEVELOPMENT TO RENDER HUMANS OBSOLETE

Scientists create a robotic system that stitches up tissue in living animals
without a real doctor pulling the strings.

9. SWEDISH ARTIST WHO CREATED FAMOUS STATUE OF KNOTTED REVOLVER BARREL DIES

Carl Fredrik Reutersward was one of Sweden's best-known modern artists when he
died in a hospital at the age of 81.

10. THIS POP SINGER MIXES HER NEW YORK ACCENT WITH A COUNTRY TWANG

Cyndi Lauper adds an unexpected dimension to her multifaceted career with the
Friday release of a country-and-western covers album called "Detours."

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 5, 2016 Thursday 1:05 AM GMT

On Capitol Hill, GOP muted a day after Trump's ascension

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 542 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The reaction of congressional Republicans to Donald Trump's
ascension ranged from subdued to silent on Wednesday, a day after the
billionaire TV personality was all but anointed as the party's presidential
nominee.

A day after a decisive Indiana primary victory left Trump the sole GOP
presidential contender standing, aides to House Speaker Paul Ryan and other top
Republicans did not immediately return phone and email messages seeking comment.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said Wednesday evening that he
was committed to supporting his party's nominee but signaled that he expects
Trump to help heal the wounds of the GOP's tumultuous primary fight.

Trump "now has the opportunity and the obligation to unite our party around our
goals" of bolstering the economy and national security, McConnell said. Other
Republicans offered less than full-throated promises to help him win the White
House.

"I plan to put all of my support behind the Republican nominee and do whatever
is asked of me to ensure a Republican is elected president," said Rep. Michael
Burgess, R-Texas, in a statement that lacked Trump's name. Burgess had backed
Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who ended his presidential bid Tuesday evening.

The hushed reaction underscored GOP concern that Trump's uninhibited remarks
about women, Hispanics and others will cost congressional candidates at the
polls in November.

Ryan, R-Wis., and McConnell have criticized Trump's comments. Ryan has policy
proposals in the works on taxes and other issues that House GOP candidates can
tout regardless of what Trump does, while McConnell has privately told senators
that lawmakers seeking re-election could drop him "like a hot rock."

"What we know right now is obviously concerning," Mike Shields, who heads the
Congressional Leadership Fund, a political group that helps House GOP
candidates, said of Trump's remarks in an interview Wednesday.

Conservative Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said on WHO radio in Des Moines that it
was time to support the nominee - but took a couple of pokes at Trump.

"I've never seen a nominee pour out so many insults on other people as Donald
Trump has," said King, who is chairing the Republican Party committee overseeing
arrangements at this summer's national convention. He added that Trump "is going
to have to do a job of reaching out to conservatives."

Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., a leading Trump foe, tweeted Tuesday evening: "Reporters
keep asking if Indiana changes anything for me. The answer is simple: No."

In contrast, Democrats were eager to link GOP congressional candidates to their
party's presumptive presidential nominee.

A press release by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said, "House
Republicans: Welcome to the Trump Ticket, House Republicans' Nightmare Has
Become Reality." The committee is House Democrats' campaign organization.

Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, D-Ariz., challenging veteran Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.,
saw Trump's victory as a fundraising opportunity.

"This is scary. Trump is dangerous for Arizona families," she said in an email
to supporters that added, "This is our chance to defeat McCain. Donate $5 now."

___

Associated Press writers Matthew Daly, Erica Werner and Donna Cassata
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 12:20 AM GMT

Kasich ends bid for Republican nomination

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN RONAYNE AND JULIE CARR SMYTH, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio


COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - The last man standing in Donald Trump's path to the
Republican nomination, Ohio Gov. John Kasich ended his campaign Wednesday,
making Trump the party's presumptive nominee.

Speaking to reporters in Columbus, Ohio, Kasich didn't outline his reasons for
ending his bid or mention Trump. Instead, he offered an emotional recount of his
exchanges with voters on and renewed his call for Americans to spend more time
helping one another.

He acknowledged it was a message that never seemed to resonate.

"The spirit, the essence of America lies in the hearts and souls of us," he
said. "Some missed this message. It wasn't sexy, it wasn't a great soundbite."

Despite his inability to win any contests beyond Ohio, Kasich held on to become
the last candidate battling Trump - albeit for only a few hours. His decision to
end his campaign comes a day after his other remaining rival, Texas Sen. Ted
Cruz, announced that he was suspending his campaign.

Kasich was visibly emotional as he thanked his family and staff.

"Nobody has ever done more with less in the history of politics," he said.

Earlier Wednesday, Trump told CNN's Wolf Blitzer, "I think John's doing the
right thing."

"I think John will be very helpful with Ohio, even as governor," he said. Trump
stressed that he's had a good relationship with the Ohio governor and said he's
willing to consider Kasich as his running mate. "I would be interested in
vetting John," he said.

Touting his two terms as governor and 18 years in Congress, Kasich failed to
gain traction with GOP voters in a race dominated by Trump's ability to seize on
the electorate's anger and disdain of political insiders. Although Kasich tried
to pitch himself as the best Republican to take on Hillary Clinton, the weight
of the anti-Trump faction never got behind him.

Viewed widely as a longshot candidate from the start, Kasich's popularity shot
up after his strong second-place finish in New Hampshire's primary in early
February. But from the South to the Midwest, many voters were captivated by his
boisterous rivals, and his efforts to cast himself as a nicer alternative fell
short.

Kasich had pledged to take his campaign all the way to the Republican convention
in Cleveland this summer, but his losses in almost all the primaries left him
struggling to generate the money and resources needed to sustain a long-term
bid. In an extraordinary effort to send the GOP contest into a contested
convention, Kasich and Cruz forged an alliance in late April, going to the
states where they were most likely to succeed and deprive Trump the delegates
needed to reach the nomination.

As the race grew increasingly nasty on both sides, Kasich largely maintained his
vow not to go negative - or, as he told voters, to "take the low road to the
highest office in the land."

He did eventually launch a series of blistering criticisms against Trump's
candidacy, blasting the businessman for creating a "toxic" environment and
preying on people's fears.

Kasich, 63, plans to return to Ohio, where his second term as governor ends in
2018.

"As I suspend my campaign today, I have renewed faith, deeper faith, that the
Lord will show me the way forward and fulfill the purpose of my life," he said.

___

Ronayne reported from Concord, New Hampshire.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 12:15 AM GMT

Trump's open path to nomination causes agony for some in GOP

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE and STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 1006 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump's last Republican foe, Ohio Gov. John Kasich,
ended his quixotic presidential campaign Wednesday, cementing Trump's remarkable
triumph as his party's presumptive nominee and launching him toward a likely
fall battle with Hillary Clinton. Some Republican leaders began reluctantly
rallying around Trump, but others agonized over their party's future.

The billionaire businessman vowed to unite the splintered GOP, even as he was
bitingly dismissive of members who have been critical of his campaign.

"Those people can go away and maybe come back in eight years after we served two
terms," he said on NBC's "Today" Show. "Honestly, there are some people I really
don't want."

Trump's challenge in uniting Republicans was abundantly clear Wednesday. Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell issued a frosty statement saying he had
committed to backing the GOP nominee and noting Trump's "obligation" to bring
the party together. And in a remarkable move, the last two Republicans to occupy
the Oval Office - President George H.W. Bush and President George W. Bush - made
clear they would not be helping Trump win the White House.

Clinton, in her first remarks since Trump's new status was crystalized, said she
was more than prepared to handle the kind of deeply personal attacks that helped
defeat Trump's Republican rivals.

"To me, this is the classic case of a blustering, bullying guy," the
all-but-certain Democratic nominee told CNN.

The long and chaotic Republican primary came to an abrupt end after Trump's
decisive victory Tuesday in Indiana. His win pushed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, his
closest rival, out of the race, with Kasich following on Wednesday.

"The people of our country changed me," Kasich said during an emotional speech
announcing the end of his campaign. "They changed me with the stories of their
lives."

Trump's takeover of the GOP marks one of the most stunning political feats in
modern political history. A first-time candidate, he eschewed traditional
fundraising and relied more on his own star power than television advertising to
draw attention. He flouted political decorum with controversial statements about
women and minorities, leaving some Republicans convinced he won't be able to
cobble together the diverse coalition needed to win the general election.

"It's his party between now and November, but I don't think it's going to be his
party after November," said Peter Wehner, a former adviser to President George
W. Bush. Wehner is among the Republicans vowing to never vote for Trump, even if
that means essentially handing Clinton the presidency.

Bob Vander Plaats, an influential evangelical leader who backed Cruz, withheld
his support for Trump Wednesday, saying the real estate mogul needs to prove his
conservative credentials with his vice presidential pick and more information
about what kind of judges he would appoint. "It's kind of a wait-and-see moment
with Mr. Trump," he said.

Vander Plaats and a handful of other Republicans are clinging to the hope that
an alternative option might yet emerge. Operatives have floated former Texas
Gov. Rick Perry, Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse and former Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn as
possible candidates for a third-party or independent bid. But that is a long
shot at best, with filing deadlines for getting on state ballots fast
approaching.

There was notable silence from House Speaker Paul Ryan, who has spoken
critically of Trump. Aides to both Ryan and McConnell said the Republican
leaders had not spoken with Trump since his Indiana victory.

A spokesman for George W. Bush said the former president "does not plan to
participate in or comment on the presidential campaign." And a spokesman for
Bush's father said simply, "At age 91, President Bush is retired from politics."

Still, several GOP governors and senators said they would support Trump,
according to a survey by The Associated Press.

"Our first and foremost goal is to elect a conservative, pro-business, strong on
national defense, a man who will stand behind our freedoms and our rights, and
that person is Donald Trump," Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin said. "It is not Hillary
Clinton."

Clinton has yet to shake Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, the democratic socialist
who has energized young people and liberals with his calls for sweeping
government-run health care and education programs. Still, Clinton has 93 percent
of the delegates she needs to clinch the Democratic nomination and now is
focusing her attention on Trump.

"He is a loose cannon and loose cannons tend to misfire," Clinton said
Wednesday.

Both Clinton and Trump head into the general election with historically high
unfavorable ratings. But Clinton is generally popular within her own party,
particularly with women and minority voters who are crucial to winning general
election battleground states like Florida, Colorado and Nevada.

Some Republicans fear Trump's poor standing with those voters will not only cost
the party the White House for a third straight term but the GOP's Senate
majority as well. Some Republican senators in tough races struggled Wednesday to
position themselves in a party with Trump at the helm. One, New Hampshire Sen.
Kelly Ayotte, said that while she would support him in the election, she would
not endorse his candidacy.

Trump turned quickly to the general election, saying he's planning to work with
the Republican National Committee to fundraise, a departure from his largely
self-funded primary campaign. "We're going to try over $1 billion, which is
what's going to be necessary," he told NBC. He also said he was starting to vet
potential running mates.

He later said he could consider Kasich, predicting the Ohio governor would be
helpful this fall in any role given his state's significance in the general
election.

___

Associated Press writers Bill Barrow, Lisa Lerer, Stephen Ohlemacher, Laurie
Kellman and Julie Bykowicz contributed to this report from Washington.

___

Follow Julie Pace and Steve Peoples at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Steve
Peoples at http://twitter.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 12:11 AM GMT

Clinton, Sanders fight for last big prize: California

BYLINE: By MICHAEL R. BLOOD, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 836 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Hillary Clinton is looking confidently ahead to the general
election, but taking nothing for granted as California's mega-primary
approaches, reaching out to Hispanic and black voters in the hope of waging a
final knockout against rival Bernie Sanders.

Clinton's visit to the Golden State Thursday coincides with Cinco de Mayo, the
annual celebration of Mexican culture and heritage. She plans to rally
supporters in the gymnasium of a community college that serves heavily Hispanic
cities on the edge of Los Angeles.

The event will carry symbolic value. The venue, East Los Angeles College, isn't
far from another local school where Clinton kicked off her successful 2008
presidential primary run in California, when she delivered a setback to
then-Sen. Barack Obama on his way to claiming the White House.

In that race, the former first lady notched nearly 55 percent of the vote in
heavily Democratic Los Angeles County, home to 10 million people and an
important battleground in any statewide campaign.

As in past primaries, Clinton is expected to do well in the June 7 primary with
older Democrats, Hispanics and black voters, while Sanders could perform better
with younger voters and independents, who are allowed to vote in the state's
Democratic primary.

"The Sanders folks feel that they have to do better with the minority
communities, especially Latinos," said Mitchell Schwartz, who ran Obama's 2008
campaign in the state and supports the Vermont senator.

For Clinton's campaign, "they don't want to go into the (national) convention
having lost the biggest state in the country," Schwartz added. "They are going
to pull out all the stops here to win."

Relying on many of the same advisers who laid the groundwork for her 2008 win,
Clinton is looking to build on that strategy, targeting key demographics in the
diverse region. Hispanics alone make up about half the population in Los Angeles
County.

Clinton will begin her day Thursday meeting privately with politically
influential black pastors in Los Angeles, then attend a fundraiser hosted by Los
Angeles City Councilman Jose Huizar, a Mexican immigrant, before the college
rally.

Until recently, the California primary had looked like the make-or-break contest
for candidates on both sides of the aisle. But billionaire businessman Donald
Trump is now the presumptive Republican nominee, while Sanders looks to
California as his last glimmer of hope in stopping Clinton, who has thus far won
92 percent of the delegates needed to claim the nomination.

But Clinton can't be too confident going in to the country's final primary, with
statewide voter surveys pointing to a tight race between the two Democrats.

An independent Field Poll released last month found Clinton with a 6-point lead
over Sanders, with 12 percent of voters still undecided.

Highlighting the stakes, Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton,
will each be making appearances in the Los Angeles area this week. The former
first lady heads to Oakland on Friday.

Clinton's appearance at the college also represents a bid to lift her appeal
with younger voters, who have strongly rallied behind Sanders' insurgent
campaign. The Vermont senator's rallies in California have been filled to
capacity with 20- and 30-somethings; a Clinton rally last month at another
college in Los Angeles was noticeably thin on student-attendees, though it was
held on a Saturday.

Driving up turnout will be a key issue for both candidates; likely voters in
California tend to be older, white, college-educated and homeowners, surveys
show. Hispanics, by comparison, tend to vote in proportions well below their
share of the population, in part because many are too young to vote, not
registered or not citizens.

Michael Ceraso, Sanders' state director, said campaign volunteers will make 1
million door knocks by primary day, as part of the campaign's effort to scout up
supporters and to register new voters.

The California election is actually about a month long.

Vote-by-mail ballots go out next week and could account for more than half of
the total number of votes cast. That means that many voters will be making
decisions weeks before June 7.

In California, 475 Democratic delegates will be divvied up in the election, some
based on the outcome in each congressional district, others in proportion to the
statewide tally. That will make it difficult for either candidate to win a
commanding victory.

California has long been favorable terrain for the Clintons. Along with her 2008
win, Bill Clinton locked in the 1992 Democratic presidential nomination in the
state, which he carried in his two presidential contests. The familiarity of the
Clinton name could be an asset.

Lia Evans, 19, a student from Torrance and registered Democrat, was among the
crowd at a Clinton rally at Los Angeles Southwest College last month.

While she liked what she heard from both candidates, she was more comfortable
with Clinton.

As for Sanders, "I still don't know that much about him," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 5, 2016 Thursday 12:07 AM GMT

The Latest: Sen. McConnell calls on Trump to unite party

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 2892 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential campaign (all times EDT):

7:55 p.m.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says Donald Trump, as the Republican
Party's presumptive presidential nominee, has the "opportunity and the
obligation" to unite the GOP.

In a statement, McConnell says he committed to supporting the nominee chosen by
Republican voters and noted that Trump is on the verge of clinching that
nomination. But McConnell's statement was hardly a full-throated endorsement.

The Kentucky Republican says his party is committed to "restoring economic and
national security" and preventing what he characterized as a "third term of
Barack Obama" if Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton wins the White House.
He says Trump now must unite the party around "our goals."

__

7:30 p.m.

Donald Trump is sticking with two of his most controversial policy proposals now
that he has become the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee.

Trump tells NBC's Lester Holt that he stands by his plan to temporary bar
foreign Muslims from entering the country if he's elected president because of
the dangers of extremism.

He says, "We have to be vigilant."

Trump is also standing by his plan to deport all of the estimated 11 million
people living in the country illegally.

He says, "Yes, they're going to be deported." He wants to put a system in place
that would allow some to return.

__

6:26 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is taking nothing for granted as California's mega-primary
approaches, reaching out to Hispanic and black voters in the hope of waging a
final knockout against rival Bernie Sanders.

Clinton's visit to the Golden State Thursday coincides with Cinco de Mayo, the
annual celebration of Mexican culture and heritage. She also plans to rally
supporters in the gymnasium of a community college that serves heavily Hispanic
cities on the edge of Los Angeles.

The event will carry symbolic value. The venue, East Los Angeles College, isn't
far from another local school where Clinton kicked off her successful 2008
presidential primary run, and later, went on to beat then-Sen. Barack Obama in
the state's Democratic primary.

___

6:20 p.m.

Donald Trump says he's setting up a vice presidential vetting committee "very
soon" that could include some of his former running mates.

In an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer Wednesday, Trump said that he has yet to
begin to seriously consider his potential running mates.

He says he may put Ben Carson and Chris Christie on the committee.

___

5:43 p.m.

Donald Trump is revealing some possible Cabinet picks if he's elected president.

In an interview with Fox News's "The O'Reilly Factor," the presumptive GOP
nominee says he'd consider naming former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani
secretary of homeland security, Gov. Chris Christie attorney general and Dr. Ben
Carson secretary of health and human services.

He says he has not made final decisions, "but certainly they would three very
wise choices."

Trump also said Carson is not interested in being his running mate.

___

5:30 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is wooing Asian-Americans voters, saying she looks forward to
the fast-growing voting bloc be part of her administration.

The Democratic front-runner says there is "a place for" the community in her
campaign. "I want you to be part of not only winning a campaign but more
importantly really governing our country," she says in Washington on Wednesday.

Clinton spoke at a conference hosted by an advocacy organization representing
Asian American, Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islanders.

___

5:25 p.m.

A spokesman for George W. Bush says the former president does "not plan to
participate in or comment on" the 2016 presidential race.

The spokesman, Freddy Ford, was responding to an inquiry from The Associated
Press about whether Bush planned to support Donald Trump now that the
businessman is the presumptive Republican nominee.

While Bush has largely stayed out of politics since leaving the White House, his
refusal to publicly support his party's nominee is remarkable. It underscores
the deep frustration within some corners of the GOP over Trump's candidacy.

The former president helped raise money for his brother Jeb Bush's failed
primary campaign. He also headlined a rally for his brother in South Carolina
where he implicitly criticized Trump for inflaming Americans' anger and
frustration.

___

5:24p.m.

South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley says she's "flattered" but "not interested" in
being vice president.

But Haley, who had endorsed former presidential candidate Marco Rubio, said she
will "support the Republican nominee for president" out of her "great respect
for the will of the people."

She did not mention presumptive nominee Donald Trump's name in a short
statement.

Haley has frequently been mentioned as an appealing candidate for the GOP
nominee. But she's crossed swords with Trump - who won the South Carolina
primary - over immigration and other issues.

___

5:23 p.m.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich (KAY'-sik) is acknowledging that his message "wasn't a
great sound byte" and he is suspending his campaign for president.

The two-year Ohio governor and former congressman was visibly emotional
Wednesday as he thanked his family, campaign staff and supporters without ever
saying directly what would happen to his campaign.

Kasich had perpetually trailed even as the crowded GOP field narrowed. But
Kasich was insisting ?- even as recently as after Texas Sen. Ted Cruz' departure
from the race Tuesday night -? that he would remain in the race until New York
billionaire Donald Trump definitely secured the 1,237 delegates necessary to
clinch the GOP nomination.

He thanked his wife, twin daughters, campaign staff and armies of volunteers.

Kasich said of his staff, "Nobody has ever done more with less in the history of
politics.

___

3:00 p.m.

With Donald Trump seizing the GOP mantle, Hillary Clinton says she's running on
her plans for the country's future - not simply to stop the billionaire New
Yorker.

She also says she's not worried about fending off the kind of deeply personal
attacks that took out Trump's GOP rivals.

"This, to me, is a classic case of a blustering, bullying guy," she tells CNN in
an interview.

Clinton says Trump has yet to detail his policies and has divided the country
with a campaign that is "insulting people."

"He has played all sides of the political area. That's his choice and he can
explain it. I've been very specific," she says.

Clinton also is urging Republicans and independents to join her "on the American
team," against Trump.

___

2:47 p.m.

Donald Trump says he's willing to consider Ohio Gov. John Kasich as a running
mate.

He tells CNN that he would "be interested in vetting John," but adds that even
as governor, Kasich would be "helpful" with swinging Ohio into Trump's column on
Election Day.

Trump says he has a good relationship with Kasich, the billionaire's last
remaining Republican rival for the GOP presidential nomination.

Kasich is expected to quit the race later Wednesday, according to three campaign
officials who spoke to The Associated Press anonymously because they're not
authorized to discuss the matter.

___

2:20 p.m.

The Rolling Stones have asked presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump to stop playing their songs at his campaign events.

In a statement Wednesday, the rock band said they have not given permission to
the Trump campaign to use their songs and "have requested that they cease all
use immediately."

A Trump campaign spokeswoman didn't immediately respond to a request for
comment.

Trump, an avid music fan, has featured Rolling Stones songs at his rallies for
months as part of a diverse soundtrack that includes Elton John, opera and
classic rock songs. The Rolling Stones' 1969 classic "You Can't Always Get What
You Want" was a popular song choice for his events.

___

2:10 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is now 93 percent of the way to clinching the Democratic
nomination.

She lost Indiana on Tuesday, but split enough of the delegates with Bernie
Sanders to move closer to the 2,383 delegates needed to win.

For the night, Sanders picked up 44 delegates while Clinton gained 38. One
Indiana delegate remains to be allocated, pending final vote tallies.

That means in primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton has 1,683 to Sanders'
1,362.

When including superdelegates, or party officials who can back any candidate,
Clinton's lead is much bigger.

She now has a total of 2,205 delegates, or 93 percent of the number needed to
win, according to the AP count. Sanders has 1,401.

Just 178 delegates short, Clinton remains on track to clinch the nomination by
early June.

___

1:35 p.m.

Make it a clean sweep for Donald Trump in Indiana.

The brash billionaire and presumptive GOP presidential nominee has won all 57
delegates at stake in Tuesday's primary.

He now has 85 percent of the delegates needed to win the Republican nomination
for president. And with all of his rivals gone from the race, he should have no
problem collecting the other 15 percent.

The AP delegate count:

Trump: 1,053.

Ted Cruz: 565.

John Kasich: 153.

Needed to win: 1,237.

___

12:51 p.m.

Bob Vander Plaats, an influential evangelical leader who backed Texas Sen. Ted
Cruz, says it's "premature" to make a decision on whether he'll throw his
support behind Donald Trump.

Vander Plaats says he could never support Democratic front-runner Hillary
Clinton in the general election. But he says he needs to know who Trump will
name as his running mate and what kind of judges he would appoint before he can
make a decision on backing the presumptive GOP nominee.

The Iowa-based Vander Plaats says that if Trump's answers on those fronts aren't
sufficient, he'll "look for another option" in the fall campaign. He
specifically left open the possibility of backing a third-party candidate.

Vander Plaats says it's a "wait-and-see moment with Mr. Trump."

___

12:42 p.m.

Seasoned Republican operative Ed Rollins is making his debut in Donald Trump's
presidential bid.

Rollins, who was Ronald Reagan's 1984 campaign manager, spoke on a conference
call Wednesday with supporters of Great America, a super PAC that backs Trump.
Rollins has signed on as a strategist for the group.

Rollins says the super PAC aims to help offset what he sees as a huge financial
advantage for likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. "They're licking their
chops," Rollins says of Clinton's team. "They think they're going to win this
thing."

Great America will likely conduct polls, collect opposition research and run
television ads in the lead-up to Election Day, Rollins says. First, though, the
group must raise money: As of the end of March, it was almost $700,000 in debt,
fundraising documents show.

Ben Carson, a prominent Trump ally, also spoke on the call - a signal that the
billionaire businessman is more accepting of outside help from groups that
during the primary contest he had called "corrupt."

___

12:10 p.m.

John Kasich plans to end his bid for the Republican presidential nomination,
making Donald Trump the presumptive Republican nominee.

Three campaign officials who spoke to The Associated Press said the Ohio
governor plans to announce his decision in a statement from his home state later
Wednesday.

The officials spoke anonymously because they are not authorized to disclose
Kasich's decision.

Kasich's decision to suspend his campaign comes after he failed to convert a win
in his home state primary into momentum in the chaotic GOP campaign.

The move comes a day after one of his only remaining rivals, Texas Sen. Ted
Cruz, announced that he was suspending his campaign.

___

11:40 a.m.

John Kasich has cancelled a press conference in Virginia and plans to make a
statement from Columbus, a day after one of his last remaining rivals, Ted Cruz,
ended his campaign.

Kasich's campaign is not providing details about what the Ohio governor plans to
say in his statement later Tuesday, or on why he canceled his Virginia event.
Kasich is facing increasing pressure to drop out of the race to clear the path
for front-runner Donald Trump to win the nomination.

Kasich had planned fundraisers in the Washington, D.C., area Wednesday. He had
planned to address reporters at Dulles Airport but his campaign says he is no
longer going there.

___

11:35 a.m.

One of the more vulnerable Senate Republicans - New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte
- will support likely Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, but won't
endorse him.

Liz Johnson, a spokeswoman for the senator, said in a statement Wednesday that
Ayotte "plans to support the nominee" - with no mention of Trump's name.

Ayotte is locked in a tight race with New Hampshire Democratic Gov. Maggie
Hassan. Johnson said that Ayotte, who is a candidate, "hasn't and isn't planning
to endorse anyone this cycle."

Republicans hold a 54-46 advantage in the Senate, but with more GOP seats on the
ballot in November, they are fighting to hold onto their majority.

___

10:35 a.m.

One of Ted Cruz's staunchest financial backers is signaling support for Donald
Trump now that he is the presumptive Republican nominee.

Mica Mosbacher writes in an email to The Associated Press that she is calling
"on fellow conservatives to unite and support our new nominee Trump."

Mosbacher was a key part of Cruz's finance team. She is the widow of Bob
Mosbacher, a Houston oilman who served as President George H.W. Bush's Secretary
of Commerce.

She says she supported her senator, Cruz, because she saw him as giving voice to
the American people. Trump, she says, "also listened to the people."

Cruz abruptly quit the race after Trump won a resounding victory over him in
Indiana Tuesday night.

___

7:28 a.m.

Donald Trump says he's planning to accept more political contributions now that
he's the Republican Party's likely presidential nominee.

The billionaire businessman previewed his path forward Wednesday morning, a day
after his chief rival, Ted Cruz, suspended his campaign.

Trump tells ABC's "Good Morning America," that he "probably will take small
donations," up to the legal contribution limits but will still contribute to his
own campaign. He adds that he doesn't "want anyone to have big influence over
me."

Trump often tells supporters that he's funding his campaign largely from his own
pockets, although he's been accepting smaller donations for several months. He
says he's spent about $44 million so far of his own money. He needs much more,
however, going forward. The price tag for a general election is likely around $1
billion.

Trump also says he's confident he "can unite much of" the Republican Party even
though he doesn't want the support of some Republican critics.

___

6:30 a.m.

Virtually assured of the Republican presidential nomination, Donald Trump says
he likely will "go the political route" in choosing a vice presidential running
mate.

The real estate mogul says in a broadcast interview Wednesday that he's
"inclined" to prefer a No. 2 person on the ticket "who can help me get
legislation passed." He notes he already has business experience and tells
MSNBC's "Morning Joe" he wouldn't want to have to resort to presidential
executive orders to get things done.

Trump also reveals he'll be making a decision over the next week on how to fund
a general election campaign.

He says "I do love self-funding," but adds that he's thinking over his strategy
and will have an answer soon.

"Do I want to sell a couple of buildings? I don't really want to do that," he
said. But he said that he wouldn't necessarily want a new source of money "for
myself" but that the party needs to bolster its funding. He was asked if he
would accept money from super PACs in the fall, although he has refused to do so
thus far.

___

5:50 a.m.

Senator Elizabeth Warren has taken to Twitter to attack what she calls
presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's "toxic stew of hatred
& insecurity."

The Massachusetts Democrat issued a series of tweets Tuesday night as results
from the Indiana GOP primary forced Texas Senator Ted Cruz from the race and
left Trump as the overwhelming favorite for the nomination.

Warren tweets that Trump has built his campaign on "racism, sexism and
xenophobia" and that there's more enthusiasm for him "among the leaders of the
KKK than leaders of the political party he now controls."

Warren says what happens next is "a character test for all of us -- Republican,
Democrat, and Independent."

Warren has been mentioned by party insiders as a potential running mate for
likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

5:30 a.m. Gov. John Kasich is not abandoning his quest for the White House in
the wake of Donald Trump's victory in Indiana.

His campaign issued a statement on Facebook early Wednesday saying that the
election results "are not going to alter Gov. Kasich's campaign plans."

The statement adds: "Our strategy has been and continues to be one that involves
winning the nomination at an open convention. The comments from Trump, on the
verge of winning in Indiana, heighten the differences between Governor Kasich
and his positive, inclusive approach and the disrespectful ramblings from Donald
Trump."

Kasich has won just one primary - his home state of Ohio - and trails Trump by
nearly 900 delegates.

Kasich pledged to stay in the race, with his campaign manager saying the
governor would continue to "offer the voters a clear choice for our country."

___

This story has been corrected to reflect that Kasich is a two term governor, not
a two-year governor.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 11:48 PM GMT

Canelo tries to put Triple G talk aside in fight with Khan

BYLINE: By TIM DAHLBERG, AP Boxing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


LAS VEGAS (AP) - Canelo Alvarez is fighting Amir Khan, though the chatter this
week has mostly been about Gennady Golovkin.

But if Alvarez has learned one thing while becoming Mexico's favorite fighter,
it's that boxing is one sport where the opponent in front of you can be far more
dangerous than any you might face in the future.

"You get used to it with experience," Alvarez said. "You can't be thinking about
what could happen. You have to focus on the fight."

A showdown with the fearsome Triple G awaits, though possibly not as soon as
Golovkin wants. Alvarez seems content to fight on his own terms, and the
indication this week is that he's in no hurry to meet Golovkin, despite a
mandate from the WBC to fight him next.

Alvarez doesn't even consider himself a middleweight like Golovkin, though he
holds a 160-pound title that will be at stake against Khan. The two will meet
Saturday night at the new T-Mobile Arena at a catch weight of 155 pounds in an
intriguing matchup of power versus speed.

And while the red-headed Alvarez is a 5-1 favorite, he's not taking anything for
granted.

"He has speed and elusiveness, he moves very well," Alvarez said through an
interpreter. "But let's not forget about the courage he shows every time he's
been down he's gotten up. We respect that."

Khan's chin could come into play against Alvarez, who is more of a pressure
fighter than a one-punch knockout artist. He's been stopped twice by smaller
fighters, and Alvarez has more power than any of his previous opponents.

But the British fighter who has fought sporadically in recent years while
unsuccessfully chasing fights against Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao
believes he can find a way to win without having to run all night long.

"At times it's going to be a chess match," Khan said. "But at times it's going
to be standing there trading with him."

Both fighters weighed in Friday right at the 155 pound contractual limit.

Here's what's at stake in the scheduled 12-round fight:

THE BELT: The fight is for the WBC version of the middleweight title that
Alvarez won from Miguel Cotto in his last fight. But it is being fought at a
catch weight of 155 pounds because Alvarez doesn't believe he's a true
middleweight quite yet. Still, it's a stretch for Khan, who fought his last
three fights at the 147-pound welterweight limit, and before that spent most of
his career at 140 pounds.

TASTING DEFEAT: Khan (31-3, 19 knockouts) took his worst loss when he was
stopped in the fourth round by Danny Garcia at 140 pounds in 2012, but has won
his last five fights. The only blemish on the record of Alvarez (46-1-1, 32
knockouts) was a decision loss to Mayweather in 2013.

GGG FIGHT: The WBC has given the winner 15 days after the bout to negotiate a
fight with Golovkin or be stripped of the belt. But Alvarez said this week that
Golovkin hasn't fought enough good fighters to get the fight, and that there
should be a concession on the 160-pound limit for them to meet. Most in boxing
don't see the highly anticipated fight happening until next spring, at the
earliest.

THE WEEKEND: Cinco de Mayo weekend in Las Vegas has traditionally been
Mayweather's spot to shine. But with Mayweather's retirement the prime
pay-per-view spot goes to Alvarez, who has delivered solid sales in his previous
fights. Expect to pay $69.95 to see it at home on HBO PPV.

NO TRUMP: Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, a big fight
fan, turned down an invitation from promoter Oscar De La Hoya to sit ringside.
Trump and De La Hoya got into it this week over De La Hoya's charges that Trump
cheats at golf.

THE ARENA: This is the first fight in the new T-Mobile Arena, which opened last
month on the Las Vegas Strip. The arena can seat up to 20,000 for boxing and is
expected to replace the MGM Grand Garden arena as the home of the biggest fights
in Las Vegas.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Lookahead

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 11:37 PM GMT

The Latest: Union workers protest outside Tropicana casino

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.


ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - The Latest on a protest by casino workers at the
Tropicana (all times local):

7:30 p.m.

Casino workers in Atlantic City have protested outside the Tropicana.

Workers from all eight of the city's casinos have seen their salaries increase
by only 80 cents per hour over the last 12 years.

They sometimes gave up pay raises to protect health and retirement benefits, but
they now fear those will be lost.

The casino workers union has begun what will likely be its toughest contract
negotiations in nearly four decades, with the casinos just beginning to get back
on their feet and the city itself teetering on the brink of bankruptcy and a
state takeover.

Workers from the Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union picketed the Tropicana casino
on Friday.

___

6:40 p.m.

Casino workers in Atlantic City, New Jersey, are protesting outside the
Tropicana.

Workers from all eight of the city's casinos have seen their salaries increase
by only 80 cents per hour over the last 12 years.

They sometimes gave up pay raises to protect health and retirement benefits, but
they now fear those will be lost.

The casino workers union has begun what will likely be its toughest contract
negotiations in nearly four decades, with the casinos just beginning to get back
on their feet and the city itself teetering on the brink of bankruptcy and a
state takeover.

Workers from the Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union picketed the Tropicana casino
on Friday.

___

1:15 p.m.

Atlantic City's casino workers are making only 80 cents an hour more now than
they did 12 years ago.

They chose to secure benefits like health insurance and retirement plans as the
casino industry shrunk and four properties went out of business.

But now those workers fear the benefits they sacrificed to preserve could be
wiped out as the casinos struggle and the New Jersey city teeters on the brink
of bankruptcy and a state takeover.

On Friday, workers will picket the Tropicana casino, whose billionaire owner
Carl Icahn also owns the Trump Taj Mahal. Health insurance and pensions were
eliminated there before he took over.

Their struggle is one that unions have experienced nationwide in recent decades
as companies move to cut costs by reducing or eliminating benefits.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 11:15 PM GMT

Sanders wants supporters represented at party convention

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 586 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Friday
threatened a floor fight over rules and platform planks at the party's summer
convention on Friday, warning the Democratic National Committee not to stack the
convention's standing committees with supporters of Hillary Clinton.

The prospect of a procedural wrench thrown into the party's flagship event is
likely to cause headaches for Democratic leaders trying to forge a united front
against Donald Trump, the likely Republican nominee.

Sanders has amassed some 9 million votes during the nation's primaries and
caucuses, and has said even if he fails at getting the final nomination, he
wants to shape the party's agenda on issues like wealth disparity, financial
reform and the role of big money in politics. He says the standing committees
that consider the party's platform and rules should reflect the number of votes
he's received in the 2016 primaries and caucuses.

"I will not allow them to be silenced at the Democratic National Convention,"
Sanders wrote of his supporters in a letter to Democratic National Committee
Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.

The platform committee considers the party's stance on a wide range of policy
issues while the rules committee sets the guidelines governing the convention.
Sanders' letter came after the candidate spoke with the chairwoman by phone
earlier this week.

"If the process is set up to produce an unfair, one-sided result, we are
prepared to mobilize our delegates to force as many votes as necessary to amend
the platform and rules on the floor of the convention," Sanders wrote.

Luis Miranda, a spokesman for the Democratic National Committee, said "because
the party's platform is a statement of our values, the DNC is committed to an
open, inclusive and representative process. Both of our campaigns will be
represented on the drafting committee, and just as we did in 2008 and 2012, the
public will have opportunities to participate."

Clinton holds a sizable lead of more than 300 pledged delegates and has received
about 3 million more votes than Sanders during the primaries. Including
superdelegates - the elected party leaders and officials who can choose the
candidate of their choice - Clinton is more than 90 percent of the way to
clinching the nomination.

In the letter, Sanders notes that Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy will be in
charge of the convention's platform committee and former Massachusetts Rep.
Barney Frank will run the rules committee. He calls both "aggressive attack
surrogates on the campaign trail" for Clinton.

Sanders said he submitted the names of more than 40 people to serve on three
standing committees and only three of his recommendations were selected by
Wasserman Schultz. He said none of his supporters were assigned to the rules
committee.

The Vermont senator has vowed to campaign through the end of the primary season
in mid-June and advocate at the convention for his policy goals on addressing
wealth inequality and overhauling the campaign finance system. He has also
criticized states that do not allow independents to participate in Democratic
contests or states that do not allow same-day registration.

Connecticut Democratic Party spokesman Leigh Appleby said that while Malloy
endorsed Clinton and may have differences with Sanders on certain issues, "we
are confident that the platform committee will come together behind a core set
of values that unite us as Democrats."

__

On Twitter follow Ken Thomas at: https://twitter.com/KThomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 10:48 PM GMT

Workers are losing ground as Atlantic City casinos struggle

BYLINE: By WAYNE PARRY, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.


ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - Atlantic City's casino workers are making only 80
cents an hour more now than they did 12 years ago, having opted instead to
secure benefits like health insurance and retirement plans as the casino
industry shrunk and four properties went out of business.

The city's main casino workers union has begun what will likely be its toughest
contract negotiations in nearly four decades, with the casinos just beginning to
get back on their feet and the city itself teetering on the brink of bankruptcy
and a state takeover.

On Friday, workers with Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union picketed the Tropicana
casino. Its billionaire owner Carl Icahn also owns the Trump Taj Mahal, where
health insurance and pensions were eliminated before he took over.

Their struggle is one that unions have experienced across the country in recent
decades as companies move to cut costs by reducing or eliminating benefits, in
some cases to prevent the businesses themselves from closing.

Rodney Mills, a buffet beverage server at the Tropicana, has worked in the
Atlantic City casino industry for 24 years and makes $10.98 per hour.

Twelve years ago, he routinely worked 40 hours a week, or close to it. Now a
typical work week is 18 to 24 hours. With reduced hours comes a requirement to
pay toward his health insurance coverage.

"You have to decide, 'Do I pay for my benefits, or do I pay the electricity
bill, or the heat?'" he said. "People all over the city have to make these kinds
of decisions. We gave back a lot of things to keep our health insurance from
going up too much, but now we're afraid we're going to lose it altogether."

He points to the Taj Mahal, which eliminated health insurance and pension plans
while in bankruptcy as Icahn prepared to take over. The company gave workers a
stipend to buy health care under the government-run Affordable Care Act, but
many workers say it does not come close to the actual cost of coverage. And with
negotiations underway with most of the city's eight casinos, workers fear that a
"me-too" contract clause could enable other casinos to eliminate benefits if the
Taj Mahal is permitted to do so.

Tony Rodio, president of the Tropicana, which also runs the Taj Mahal, did not
immediately respond to a request for comment.

The union issued a report Friday showing that the casino profits are up and
their expenses are down in recent years, including $171 million less in employee
pay.

The union says its average salary is $11.17 an hour. In the 2011 contract
negotiations, workers agreed to givebacks including reductions in paid time off,
overtime and severance pay.

Casino analyst Steve Norton, who was vice president of Resorts when it opened in
1978 as the first U.S. casino outside Nevada, says generous union contracts are
a thing of the past.

"The success we had in Atlantic City in the '80s and '90s made it possible for
everyone to have a Cadillac-type contract," he said. "But when economics change,
it's up to the unions to do what's best for employees, even if that means
negotiating reduced wages and benefits, so they can keep their jobs. We lost our
monopoly on casinos, and the monopoly-level benefits need to change."

___

Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 10:45 PM GMT

Kerry: Diverse graduating class is 'Trump's worst nightmare'

BYLINE: By COLLIN BINKLEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


BOSTON (AP) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told college graduates on
Friday their diversity is "Donald Trump's worst nightmare" and it's their job to
confront global issues ranging from terrorism to climate change.

Speaking to an estimated audience of 25,000 at Northeastern University's
commencement, Kerry drew loud applause when he noted the many races and
religions among the graduates and then directed a jab at the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee.

"You really do look spectacular," Kerry told the graduates. "I want you to just
look around you. Classmates from every race, religion, gender, shape, size.
Eighty-five countries represented and dozens of languages spoken. You are the
most diverse class in Northeastern's history. In other words, you are Donald
Trump's worst nightmare."

Trump has angered many people with comments he has made about Hispanics and
Muslims, among other groups. He backs building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico
border and wants to deport the millions of people in the U.S. illegally. He also
has proposed banning Muslims from entering the U.S.

A Department of State spokesman said Kerry's comment about Trump was only a joke
intended to lighten up the audience. But Kerry, later in his speech, appeared to
take another shot at Trump without calling him out by name.

"We will never come out on top if we accept advice from soundbite salesmen and
carnival barkers who pretend the most powerful country on earth can remain great
by looking inward and hiding behind walls," Kerry said, again drawing applause.

The Democratic secretary told graduates it's up to them to halt the spread of
violent extremism among the world's youth. He assured graduates the United
States and its allies are winning the battle against extremists in Iraq and
Syria. But he added the U.S. won't be successful in the long run if the world
continues to turn away from other problems that fuel the production of
terrorists at an "alarming" rate.

"Your mission is to make jobs not just in a few places but many places," he
said. "Doing this is not about charity, it's not about giving something for
nothing. It's about building our own security and preventing the conflicts of
the future."

During his speech at Boston's TD Garden, he praised the work of President Barack
Obama's administration on climate change and public health, but he called on
graduates to go further.

He blasted climate change deniers and called the issue "one of the greatest
challenges of our time." He said the global agreement on climate change reached
in Paris last year is only the start of the solution.

Kerry, who became secretary of state in 2013, was a longtime U.S. senator from
Massachusetts and was a prosecutor in the state. He earned a law degree from
Boston College in 1976 after graduating from Yale University. He previously
delivered the commencement address at Northeastern in 2000.

Talking for a half-hour, Kerry described a world filled with heavy challenges.
He drew on the spread of the Zika virus, the wide gap between rich and poor and
the deadly 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.

"Boston and Northeastern need no lesson in how important it is to win the battle
against terrorists," he said.

But he added that the graduates have the education and character to confront
those challenges, and he urged them to play a role in the global community. He
ended on an optimistic note, paraphrasing former South African President Nelson
Mandela.

"All the hardest jobs," he said, "seem impossible until they are done."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 10:26 PM GMT

More big-name Republicans abandon Trump; he just shrugs

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER and STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 897 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Big-name GOP leaders piled on Friday against Donald Trump in
an extraordinary show of Republican-vs.-Republican discontent over his winning
the party's presidential nomination. Trump just shrugged it off, declaring they
didn't really matter when compared to all the voters who turned out to vote for
him in this year's primary elections.

Trump grudgingly agreed to meet next week with Paul Ryan, the Republican House
speaker whose statement a day earlier - he said he was not ready to embrace
Trump's nomination - set off the intraparty fireworks. Trump said he had "no
idea" if they would patch things up and it wasn't all that important anyway.

"The thing that matters most are the millions of people that have come out to
vote for me and give me a landslide victory in almost every state," Trump said
moments after Ryan, the nation's highest-ranking Republican officeholder,
announced their planned meeting.

Later in the day, two of Trump's vanquished GOP rivals, former Florida Gov. Jeb
Bush and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, said they would not vote for him in
November. That was a startling rejection by party leaders.

Trump said of Ryan's stance: "I figured, routinely, he would be behind me. The
other day, he pulled a big surprise."

He said he was not surprised about Bush's stance and was tersely dismissive of
Graham.

Of Bush, he said, "I will not say he's low-energy," reprising a jibe he used
frequently during the primary campaign. He mocked Graham's poor primary showing,
saying, "Like the voters who rejected him, so will I!"

Ryan said his meeting with Trump would occur next Thursday and that Trump also
would meet with other House GOP leaders. Discussions will center on "the kind of
Republican principles and ideas that can win the support of the American people
this November," Ryan said.

The unlikely back-and-forth came a day after Ryan injected new uncertainty into
the turbulent presidential contest by refusing, for now, to endorse Trump. Aides
said that, far from seeking to helm an anti-Trump movement, Ryan hopes to exert
a positive influence for the general election campaign after a nominating
contest that has alienated women, minorities and other voter groups.

Yet Trump's reaction Friday made it unclear what impact Ryan could have.

"With millions of people coming into the party, obviously I'm saying the right
thing," Trump said on Fox News Channel. "I mean, he talks about unity, but what
is this?"

Democrats are generally steering clear of the Republican infighting, letting the
party's leaders tear at each other.

However, President Barack Obama did say when questioned about it at the White
House: "This is not entertainment. This is not a reality show," and candidates
need to show they have the qualities to lead the world's strongest nation.

As the reality of the GOP divisions sank in Friday, some Republicans were not
shy about expressing their displeasure with Ryan. The telegenic Wisconsin
Republican served as his party's vice presidential nominee in 2012, was drafted
to the high-profile role of House speaker last fall and is seen as having
designs on the 2020 presidential nomination himself.

"Yesterday's statement emboldens others to be equally publicly difficult. And
that runs the risk of creating a Goldwater kind of moment where the party really
does split," former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told The Associated Press,
referring to the 1964 Republican presidential nominee whose candidacy divided
the GOP and was followed by a big Democratic victory.

"I don't necessarily know that that's his role, to be a sticking point for the
Republican nominee," said Rep. Duncan Hunter of California, one of a growing
number of Trump supporters in the House. Added Rep. Lou Barletta of
Pennsylvania: "The voters of our party have spoken loud and clear, and it's
their voice that matters."

Trump has criticized Ryan in the past and renewed his attacks Friday by arguing
that Ryan and presidential candidate Mitt Romney, "lost a race that should have
been won" in 2012. Trump and Ryan also have disagreements on policy, from
immigration to Social Security to trade.

In his latest surprising breach of orthodoxy on Friday Trump questioned whether
the U.S. government would make good on its commitment to fully honor Treasury
notes, suggesting he might try to get a better deal.

It all comes at a moment when Trump needs to be reaching out to the women,
minorities and others who will be crucial for him to triumph in November over
Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic nominee. Trump made what he appeared to
believe was an overture in that direction Thursday by tweeting a photo of
himself eating a taco bowl in celebration of Cinco de Mayo and declaring his
love for Hispanics.

The gesture landed with a thud, and many Latino leaders reacted negatively,
although Trump insisted Friday that "People loved it."

Ryan himself said in his initial comments on CNN that he hopes to be able to
come around to supporting Trump. He's just not there yet.

"You have to unify all wings of the Republican Party in a conservative
movement," he said. "And we've got a ways to go from here to there."

___

Associated Press writers Julie Bykowicz in Washington and Jill Colvin in
Charleston, West Virginia, contributed to this report.

___

Follow Steve Peoples and Erica Werner on Twitter at:
http://twitter.com/sppeoples and http://twitter.com/ericawerner

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 10:11 PM GMT

Business Highlights

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS; Business Highlights

LENGTH: 1218 words


___

Hiring slowdown in April may signal caution about US economy

WASHINGTON (AP) - American employers signaled their caution about a sluggish
economy by slowing their pace of hiring in April after months of robust job
growth.

At the same time, companies raised pay, and their employees worked more hours -
a combination that lifted income and, if sustained, could quicken the U.S.
expansion.

As a whole, the government's report Friday pointed to an American job market
that continues to generate steady hiring, though at a rate that may be starting
to slow. Employers added 160,000 jobs in April, well below the average gain of
243,000 in the prior six months. But the unemployment rate remained a low 5
percent, roughly where it's been since last fall.

___

US consumer borrowing jumps 10 percent in March

WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. consumers sharply increased use of their credit cards in
March, pushing up total borrowing at the fastest pace in more than a decade.

The Federal Reserve reported Friday that total consumer borrowing rose $29.7
billion in March, a 10 percent jump from the previous month. It was the largest
percentage gain since a surge of 18.4 percent in November 2001, when consumer
borrowing surged in response to government officials urging Americans to boost
spending to support the economy following the September terrorist attacks.

Total borrowing rose to a fresh record of $3.59 trillion. Borrowing in the
category that includes credit cards jumped $11.1 billion, or 14.2 percent, the
biggest one-month gain in this category since July 2000. Borrowing for auto and
student loans rose $18.6 billion, up 8.5 percent.

___

A Trump proposal for national debt would send rates soaring

WASHINGTON (AP) - In the event that the U.S. economy crashed, Donald Trump has
floated a recovery plan based on his own experience with corporate bankruptcy:
Pay America's creditors less than full value on the U.S. Treasurys they hold.

Experts see it as a reckless idea that would send interest rates soaring, derail
economic growth and undermine confidence in the world's most trusted financial
asset.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee suggested in a phone interview
Thursday with CNBC that he would stimulate growth through borrowing. If trouble
arose, he added, he could get investors to accept reduced payments for their
Treasury holdings.

Trump later clarified that comment to say he would offer to buy the bonds back
at a discount from investors in hopes of refinancing them at lower rates.

___

Fire in Alberta threatens oil production, helps boost price

The massive wildfire in the heart of Canada's oil country is helping send crude
prices higher.

Benchmark U.S. crude rose 34 cents to $44.66 a barrel Friday in New York after
earlier dropping by nearly 2 percent. Oil prices often spike when there is
concern that production could be curtailed.

Canada is the leading exporter of crude oil and natural gas to the United
States, according to figures from the Energy Information Administration. Canada
sends about 100 million barrels of crude and 240 billion cubic feet of natural
gas per month to the U.S.

S&P Global Platts, which tracks the energy industry, estimated that up to
820,000 barrels a day of crude oil production were shut in by the fire, although
the number could be lower if facilities were operating below peak capacity.

___

Tampa Bay Times' paper buy latest in grim news landscape

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) - If a metro area with 2.7 million people can't
sustain two newspapers - especially with an aging population with the time and
inclination to read a printed paper - can anywhere?

Some say maybe not.

The purchase of the 123-year-old Tampa Tribune in Florida this week by the
paper's rival, The Tampa Bay Times, stunned employees and area residents. But
media watchers largely shrugged, calling it the latest in a long slide of
obsolescence for America's print media.

___

Herbalife in advanced settlement talks with FTC, shares soar

NEW YORK (AP) - Shares of Herbalife surged Friday after disclosing that it's in
advanced talks to settle a federal investigation into claims that the company
essentially operates as a pyramid scheme.

It's a claim that has dogged the company for years and set off what has become
an epic battle with activist investor Bill Ackman, who has been waging a
campaign against Herbalife since late 2012.

Herbalife, which sells supplements and weight-loss products, said in a
regulatory filing that the possible settlement with the Federal Trade Commission
"would likely include a monetary payment and injunctive and other relief."

___

Czech record maker aims for global dominance

LODENICE, Czech Republic (AP) - As vinyl records make a global comeback, a
little-known Czech company is riding the market surge to establish itself as the
world's biggest record manufacturer, with plans to expand in North America and
Asia.

GZ Media, based in a small town south west of the Czech capital, has made deals
with all the major music labels and is running its plant day and night, every
day of the year - even on Christmas - to satisfy booming demand.

This summer, in an effort to get closer to the growing American market, it is
due to open a new plant in Canada and is finalizing a deal to acquire a majority
stake in a factory in the United States.

___

Services in Greece grind to halt in 3-day strike

ATHENS, Greece (AP) - Services in Greece, from garbage collection to public
transport, shut down Friday as workers kicked off three days of strikes to
protest new bailout austerity measures that they say will further reduce
incomes.

Several thousand people held peaceful demonstrations in central Athens as part
of protests that indicate a growing discontent with the left-led coalition
government, which was only re-elected last September.

___

In California, couple's return to meat sparks vegan uproar

LOS ANGELES (AP) - At the Cafe Gratitude restaurant chain in California, waiters
serve plates of vegan rice bowls, vegetable pizzas and tempeh sandwiches with
names such as "Gracious," ''Warm-Hearted" and "Magical."

The last two weeks, though, have been anything but kind.

Angry patrons and animal rights activists are calling on vegans to boycott the
restaurants after learning that owners Matthew and Terces Engelhart have begun
eating meat and consuming animals raised on their private farm.

___

Warner Music says streaming revenue bigger than downloads

LOS ANGELES (AP) - In a further sign that the download era is waning, Warner
Music Group says it made more money from streaming platforms than any other
single source of recorded music revenue in the latest quarter.

Warner claims it is the first of the three majors to hit the milestone. But the
others are sure to follow.

___

The Dow Jones industrial average rose 79.92 points, or 0.5 percent, to
17,740.63. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 6.51 points, or 0.3 percent, to
2,057.14 and the Nasdaq composite rose 19.06 points, or 0.4 percent, to
4,736.16.

Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 34 cents to close at $44.66 a barrel on the New
York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed
36 cents to close at $45.37 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose less
than 1 cent to $1.496 a gallon, heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.337 a gallon and
natural gas rose 2.5 cents to $2.101 per thousand cubic feet.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 9:52 PM GMT

Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS; News Shows

LENGTH: 96 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows:

ABC's "This Week" - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

___

NBC's "Meet the Press" - Trump.

___

CBS' "Face the Nation" - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton; Matt
Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union; Russell Moore, president
of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist
Convention.

___

CNN's "State of the Union" - Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.; former Gov. Sarah Palin,
R-Alaska.

___

"Fox News Sunday" - Gov. Pat McCrory, R-N.C.; Trump adviser Paul Manafort.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 9:26 PM GMT

The Latest: Trump will testify after election on lawsuit

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


SAN DIEGO (AP) - The Latest on a class-action lawsuit against Donald Trump and
his now-defunct Trump University (all times local):

2:25 p.m.

Donald Trump will testify after the presidential election on a class-action
lawsuit that accuses the billionaire businessman and his now-defunct Trump
University of defrauding people who paid up to $35,000 for real estate seminars.

A federal judge in San Diego on Friday set a Nov. 28 trial. Trump lawyer Daniel
Petrocelli says the presumptive GOP nominee plans to attend most, if not all, of
trial and will take the witness stand.

The lawsuit is one of three that accuse Trump University of fleecing students
with unfulfilled promises to teach secrets of success in real estate.

Trump's attorneys resisted the idea bringing the six-year-old case to trial
while the real estate mogul was in the race. Plaintiffs had suggested a June
trial.

___

11:55 p.m.

A federal judge in San Diego has said he wanted a trial by the middle of this
year in a class-action lawsuit against Donald Trump by students of Trump
University who say they were defrauded. That was before the real estate mogul
appeared headed for the Republican presidential nomination.

U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is expected to address timing at a final
pretrial conference Friday.

Trump's lawyers have already signaled opposition to a trial while Trump is in
the race. Trump is on a list of defense witnesses who may be called to testify.

The case is one of three lawsuits that accuse Trump University of fleecing
students with unfilled promises to teach secrets of success in real estate at
seminars that cost up to $35,000.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 8:51 PM GMT

Obama on Trump: This is not a reality show

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN HENNESSEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In his first remarks about Donald Trump's status as the GOP's
presumptive nominee, President Barack Obama on Friday urged the media to
undertake tougher scrutiny of presidential candidates.

"We are in serious times and this is a really serious job," Obama said at the
White House. "This is not entertainment; this is not a reality show."

Obama suggested that Trump's rise was enabled by a press that focuses on the
frivolous.

"What I'm concerned about is the degree to which reporting and information
starts emphasizing the spectacle and the circus," Obama said, simultaneously
acknowledging the GOP nominee is a spectacle and placing partial blame on the
media for creating him.

"That's not something we can afford. And the American people, they've got good
judgment; they've got good instincts, as long as they get good information."

With his brief comments, tagged on the end of remarks about the economy, Obama
inched closer to engagement in a race he has tried to keep at a safe distance.
The president tipped his hand at his likely line of attack on the likely GOP
nominee, a former reality TV star, and he delicately weighed in on a prolonged
contest in his own party.

The White House has said Obama will be a regular presence on the campaign trail
for the Democratic nominee once his party coalesces around a single candidate.
Asked about the Democratic fight, Obama wasn't ready to directly urge Sen.
Bernie Sanders to get out of the race, but he suggested the writing was on the
wall.

"Let's let the process play itself out," Obama said, when asked whether it was
time for Sanders to call it quits. Then he added: "I think everybody knows what
that math is."

Sanders' rival, Hillary Clinton, has a lead of more than 300 pledged delegates
and has received about 3 million more votes than Sanders during the primaries.
Including superdelegates, Clinton is more than 90 percent of the way to
clinching the nomination.

Still, the White House has been loath to appear to be meddling in the race, wary
that it could anger Sanders' devoted followers and undermine Obama's ability to
act as a uniting force.

In an interview with Pittsburgh TV station KDKA on Friday, Vice President Joe
Biden warned that it would be a mistake not to take Trump seriously, pointing to
the possibility that Trump could start to make himself seem more presidential.

Biden said Trump might manage "to bring significant people around him on
domestic and foreign policy and to do the policy pieces where people think that
this guy could actually be president."

Obama said it will be up to Republican voters - specifically Republican female
voters - to decide "is that the guy I feel comfortable with in representing me
and what I care about?"

Asked whether he had a reaction to Trump's recent outreach to Hispanics - a
tweet that included a photo of the candidate eating a taco bowl - Obama
dismissed the question.

"I have no thoughts on Mr. Trump's tweets. As a general rule, I don't pay
attention to Mr. Trump's tweets," he said. "And I think that will be true for, I
think, for the next six months. So, if you could just file that one."

__

Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 7:34 PM GMT

Dems hope state conventions can unite Sanders, Clinton fans

BYLINE: By PATRICK WHITTLE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND, Maine


PORTLAND, Maine (AP) - Democrats are hoping to use state conventions to unite
supporters of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders as fans of the two candidates
engage in sometimes bitter disputes ahead of the presidential election.

The scenario is playing out Friday in Maine, where Democrats are divided between
supporters of the Vermont senator and the former secretary of state.

Most states still have conventions on the horizon, and they are on tap around
the country through May and June in places where both candidates have had
success. The conventions will happen next week in Illinois, which was won by
Clinton, and Alaska, which was won by Sanders.

Clinton is far ahead, leading Sanders by more than 300 pledged delegates and
some 3 million votes. But Sanders has vowed to stay in the race through the
Democratic National Convention in July, and supporters of the two have engaged
in spats on social media about whether he should drop out.

Party leaders in Maine will try to unite the two factions at a convention held
Friday and Saturday in Portland.

"There's so much more that unites than divides us," said Phil Bartlett, chairman
of the Maine Democratic Party. "My focus for this weekend is to make sure
supporters of both candidates are welcome and are engaged with the party, and
making sure everyone is heard."

Sanders won Maine's caucus on March 6, taking 16 pledged delegates to Clinton's
nine. But Clinton has the support of at least three of the state's five
superdelegates. One of the other superdelegates is Bartlett, who has said he
won't decide whom to support this weekend.

In Portland, Carlos Maibeth-Mortimer, of Brooklin, said he hopes Sanders keeps
running until the national convention. He said Sanders is raising important
issues, including boosting the minimum wage and reducing military intervention.
But he also said he hopes the party emerges from the state conventions unified.

"The rhetoric from each group has gotten harsher, and I think that's not
constructive," said Maibeth-Mortimer, 26. "We're supposed to be the big-tent
party."

The drive to unite the Democratic Party is happening as the Republican
presidential picture has come into focus. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John
Kasich dropped out of the race after a decisive win by billionaire businessman
Donald Trump in Indiana on Tuesday. The Republicans had appeared for weeks to be
headed for a contested convention, but Trump is now the presumptive nominee.

Lynn Luzzi, of Rockport, said it's important for the Democrats to put their
differences aside and unite against Trump.

"I'm hoping Bernie gets his supporters together and gets the party unified,"
said Luzzi, 58. "The prospect of Donald Trump as president should scare the
bejesus out of anyone."

The Maine Democrats are promoting the unity push with a convention theme of
"Together, we are Maine!" Convention participants will also elect the state's
delegation to the national convention in Philadelphia.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 7:26 PM GMT

The policy divide of the moment is Trump vs. Ryan

BYLINE: By CALVIN WOODWARD, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - A presidential campaign throws policy differences into stark
relief and so it is this time, on immigration, spending, trade, foreign affairs
- you name it.

In this cockeyed campaign year, though, the divide at the moment is between the
country's top two Republicans: the presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump
and House Speaker Paul Ryan, a conspicuous holdout from the candidate's
bandwagon and a man once denounced by Trump for producing a "death wish" budget.

Trump the businessman's "art of the deal" may get its first big test in the
political world at an expected meeting next week with the speaker aimed at some
version of common ground. It will bring together a sober, policy-driven,
consensus-seeking conservative and a crowd-rousing improviser with indistinct
ideology and a handful of core issues, several of them combustible.

Here are some of the contours of the chasm between them :

SPENDING

In December, after Ryan negotiated a plan to ease automatic spending curbs on
the Pentagon and domestic agencies, Trump blasted him and other GOP leaders,
saying "the elected Republicans in Congress threw in the towel and showed
absolutely no budget discipline."

Trump presents himself as a guardian of Social Security and Medicare even as
other Republicans, Ryan chief among them, see no choice but to restrain their
cost. "He represented cutting entitlements," Trump said this year, recalling
Ryan as Mitt Romney's running mate in 2012. "That was the end of the campaign. I
said, 'you've got to be kidding.'"

Trump says he can save Social Security by growing the economy, with no increases
in the retirement age and or other scale-backs, a contention disputed by many
economists.

In Trump's view, Ryan hasn't done right by the country for some years. As a
budget leader before he became speaker, Ryan was the driving force behind
attempts to control the debt, a mission he still embodies. His 2011 budget plan,
heavy with spending cuts and a Medicare overhaul, earned Trump's scorn. "If
anyone needs more evidence of why the American people are suffering at the hands
of their own government, look no further than the budget deal announced by
Speaker Ryan," he said at the time.

___

TRADE

Ryan is a leading advocate for free trade and his support for deals negotiated
by the Obama administration with Pacific nations and other partners is
distinctly at odds with Trump's vow to dismantle or renegotiate such agreements.

___

IMMIGRATION AND ISLAM

Silent on the Republican presidential race for much of it, Ryan was moved to
speak out when Trump proposed banning foreign Muslims from entering the U.S.
until the security of Americans could be assured.

"Freedom of religion is a fundamental constitutional principle; it is a founding
principle of this country," Ryan said in response. Trump's plan "is not what
this party stands for, and more importantly it's not what this country stands
for."

More broadly, Ryan embraced a path to legal status for people in the country
illegally, stepping back from previous support for "a path to earned
citizenship." He's said he could not imagine how Trump could achieve his plan
for the mass deportation of the 11 million people in the country illegally, then
the re-entry of the "good ones" through a "giant door" in his Mexico border
wall.

___

AMERICA ABROAD

Ryan supports an activist foreign policy, not a "fortress America," while
Trump's "America First" campaign suggests a retrenchment and a questionable
commitment to traditional allies. Ryan has dismissed the notion the U.S. could
retreat, as reflected by Trump's demand that allies pay more or America will
step back from protecting them.

___

PLANNED PARENTOOD

Ryan has supported stripping federal money from Planned Parenthood because of
its abortion services. Trump, while criticizing those abortion practices, said
the organization does good work for women on other fronts and those parts of its
mission should continue to get federal money. He later qualified the remark to
suggest the group should not get federal support as long as it provides
abortions, while reaffirming his view that "Planned Parenthood has done very
good work for millions of women."

___

HILLARY CLINTON

On some issues, each is closer to Hillary Clinton than to each other. But their
common wish to deny her the White House will be a key reason they come together,
if they do.

___

Associated Press writers Jill Colvin and Andrew Taylor contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 7:10 PM GMT

A Trump proposal for national debt would send rates soaring

BYLINE: By JOSH BOAK, AP Economics Writer

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 786 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In the event that the U.S. economy crashed, Donald Trump has
floated a recovery plan based on his own experience with corporate bankruptcy:
Pay America's creditors less than full value on the U.S. Treasurys they hold.

Experts see it as a reckless idea that would send interest rates soaring, derail
economic growth and undermine confidence in the world's most trusted financial
asset.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee suggested in a phone interview
Thursday with CNBC that he would stimulate growth through borrowing. If trouble
arose, he added, he could get investors to accept reduced payments for their
Treasury holdings.

Trump later clarified that comment to say he would offer to buy the bonds back
at a discount from investors in hopes of refinancing them at lower rates.

"I would borrow, knowing that if the economy crashed, you could make a deal,"
Trump told CNBC.

Such a move, never before attempted by the U.S. government, would likely spook
investors whose trust in Treasury notes keeps global financial markets
operating.

The need to refinance would likely cause interest rates to spike as investors
demanded a greater return for the perceived risks of non-payment. More tax
dollars would have to go toward repaying the debt. Many investors would shift
their money elsewhere. And the economy could endure a traumatic blow.

"It seems Trump is planning to try to run the country like one of his failed
business ventures, and that does not bode well," said Megan Greene, chief
economist at Manulife.

The move would also end a policy introduced during the presidency of George
Washington - and celebrated in the Pulitzer Prize-winning Broadway musical
"Hamilton"- to pay full face value on the debts incurred by the country. The
government's unfailing payments of its debt have long pleased investors and
supported the economy because the country can borrow at lower rates than it
otherwise could.

"Defaulting on our debt would cause creditors to rightly question the 'full
faith' commitment we make," said Tony Fratto, a former Treasury Department
official in George W. Bush's administration. "This isn't a serious idea - it's
an insane idea."

Trump has touted his acumen for restructuring four of his companies under
bankruptcy laws. When Trump Hotels & Casinos finished a 2004 bankruptcy
reorganization, it cut $500 million off $1.8 billion in debt and reduced the
interest rate to 8 percent from 15 percent.

"I don't think it's a failure' it's a success," Trump told The Associated Press
at the time.

But countries function differently from businesses. Nations usually print their
own money and service their debt through taxes, unlike corporations that can
sell off assets and equity stakes to manage debt or close up shop. Interest
rates would spike if a government refused to pay what it owed as investors
priced in the risk of default and became resistant toward lending.

"It would make a bad situation worse and increase U.S. borrowing costs on its
debt going forward because we would have lost our credit rating," said Chad
Stone, chief economist at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.

Publicly held U.S. debt is $13.8 trillion, and taxpayers will devote likely $255
billion to interest payments this year. The market largely sets interest rates
on the debt, based in part on Federal Reserve policy.

The yield on a 10-year Treasury note is about 1.8 percent, a figure that would
shoot up if Trump pursued this strategy. This would cause debt payments to climb
at a precarious moment for the federal budget when Social Security, Medicare and
Medicaid costs will likely increase the need to borrow.

"There is no upside," said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, an economist and president of
the conservative American Action Forum. "It's a false hope."

The federal government flirted with default risks in 2011 and 2013 when
President Barack Obama and the Republican-led House of Representatives reached
an impasse over raising the government's borrowing limit.

The government narrowly avoided defaulting on its debt payments in both
instances. Still, these breakdowns did cause damage. The 2011 crisis led to a
credit rating downgrade by Standard & Poor's, while the 2013 crisis produced a
government shutdown.

The statements by Trump reflect his often conflicting statements on economic
policy.

Just as he floated a plan that experts say would raise interest rates, Trump
separately discussed the need to be cautious about higher rates during the same
CNBC interview in which he bragged about being "the king of debt."

"It's a real dilemma, and we have to be very, very careful," he said. "I love
debt. I love playing with it, but of course now you're talking about something
very, very fragile."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 6:26 PM GMT

Speaker Paul Ryan to meet Thursday with Donald Trump to discuss "Republican
principles and ideas"

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 19 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Speaker Paul Ryan to meet Thursday with Donald Trump to
discuss "Republican principles and ideas"

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 6:12 PM GMT

Rick Perry ditches glasses for portrait, defends Trump

BYLINE: By PAUL J. WEBER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Texas


AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Ditching his now-famous black glasses Friday for his
official Texas portrait, former Gov. Rick Perry is back looking like his old
self but sounding far different when it comes to former presidential rival
Donald Trump.

After the painting was unveiled at the state Capitol, Perry defended his
enthusiastic change of heart this week about the presumptive GOP nominee. He had
once called the billionaire businessman a "cancer to conservatism" but now says
he'd be willing to work in a Trump administration, even as vice president.

Trump has made no such public overtures to the longtime Texas governor, who
acknowledged he hasn't spoken to Trump in months. Perry was among the first 2016
contenders to drop out of the crowded Republican field, but his short-lived
campaign attacked Trump harder than most in the early stages of the race.

"If Donald Trump says, 'Perry, let's talk about you helping in this role,' I'm
open to it," Perry said Friday.

Trump, who once said that Perry only began wearing glasses so "people will think
he's smart," tweeted "Thank you Rick!" after Perry's endorsement.

Perry didn't start wearing the thick-framed glasses until after his first failed
run for the White House in 2012, when his campaign unraveled after famously
stumbling in a debate and forgetting the name of a federal agency he would
eliminate. But he spent most of his record 14 years as Texas governor without
glasses.

Although he wore them to the ceremony Friday, the unadorned look is how Perry
will be forever pictured in the Texas Capitol, where his portrait was hung next
to former governors Republican George W. Bush and Democrat Ann Richards. Perry
offered no explanation as to why he posed without glasses, but the choice seemed
to delight one of his biggest political donors, billionaire Red McCombs.

"I bet a guy $500,000 that the picture wouldn't have glasses," McCombs told a
gallery of current and former Texas lawmakers during the ceremony.

Perry shrugged off his previous criticism of Trump as the usual election-year
rhetoric. Defending Trump's qualifications, Perry cited the billionaire's claims
that he will surround himself with an experienced team if elected.

"I suggest that is a clear indication that he understands what he knows,
understands what he doesn't know and is willing to bring people in and listen
to," Perry said. "And I think that's the most important trait that he will have
to exhibit. I mean, that has yet to be seen, but I feel comfortable that he will
indeed do that."

___

Follow Paul J. Weber on Twitter: www.twitter.com/pauljweber

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 5:28 PM GMT

Woman shot by 4-year-old son avoids prosecution

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: PALATKA, Fla.


PALATKA, Fla. (AP) - A Florida woman whose 4-year-old son shot her in the back
as they rode in her pickup truck will avoid prosecution and any jail time if she
satisfies a number of conditions detailed in an agreement announced Friday.

In the deferred prosecution agreement reached with the state attorney's office
in Sanford, Jamie Lynn Gilt, 31, agreed to complete a gun safety course, install
a mounted holster in her vehicle and provide proof of safe storage of firearms
in her home. Gilt also must give 10 speeches about the March 8 shooting and the
need to safely secure firearms, according to a news release issued by the state
attorney's office on Friday.

The agreement did not specify where the speeches would be given.

Prosecutors say Gilt's son, Lane, was riding in the booster seat when he
unbuckled himself and picked up a loaded .45-caliber handgun he found on the
floorboard. He fired it through the front seat, striking his mother in the back.
He wasn't injured.

Gilt has recovered from her injuries.

Gilt is apparently a gun lover who made numerous social media postings about gun
rights, including one about teaching her son to shoot. A community Facebook page
listed under Jamie Gilt for Gun Sense was filled with posts advocating for gun
rights, including a quote that said "My right to protect my child with my gun
trumps your fear of my gun." The Associated Press was unable to verify whether
the page, which has since been taken down, belonged to Gilt.

If Gilt complies with the agreement, prosecutors said the charge of unsafe
storage of a firearm will be dismissed.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 5:10 PM GMT

Emma and Noah continue to be tops for baby names

BYLINE: By MARY CLARE JALONICK, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - When it comes to baby names, Emma and Noah reign supreme.

And don't name your daughter Isis.

For the second year in a row, Emma and Noah top the annual list of top baby
names in the U.S., according to the Social Security Administration. That's the
third year on top for Noah and the second in a row for Emma, which was also No.
1 in 2008.

The administration released its annual list of top baby names Friday, and the
top five names for girls and boys in 2015 remained unchanged from the previous
year. Noah was followed by Liam, Mason, Jacob and William. Emma was followed by
Olivia, Sophia, Ava and Isabella. Ava and Isabella switched spots from 2014,
with Ava climbing to number 4.

One major change was the girls' name Isis, which had remained steadily in the
middle of the pack of the country's top 1,000 names for the last 15 years. In
2015, after the name had emerged as an acronym for the extremist group Islamic
State, it dropped completely off the list.

That's a dramatic shift, says Laura Wattenberg, baby name expert and founder of
BabynameWizard.com.

"It's actually quite rare for a name to be eliminated by issues in the news,"
she says, noting that the name Adolph was still at No. 555 in the U.S. at the
end of World War II when the Nazis and Adolf Hitler fell.

There's another recent example, though: the name Hillary dropped off the list in
2009, a year after Hillary Clinton lost the Democratic presidential primary to
Barack Obama. The name was No. 721 in 2008. Hillary remained off the list this
year, as did the name of her current Democratic primary opponent, Bernie, as in
Sanders.

Barack has never appeared in the top 1,000 names, and the popularity of the name
of Obama's predecessor, President George W. Bush, dropped slightly during his
eight-year presidency, from No. 130 to No. 163.

The first name of this year's presumptive Republican presidential nominee,
Donald Trump, also dropped in 2015, from No. 418 to No. 441.

Wattenberg said that unlike in the past, parents avoid politics in name choices
today. But names of past presidents remain popular. The girls' name Kennedy, for
example, is No. 57.

"We want our presidents out of office or preferably dead before we name our
babies after them," Wattenberg said.

Emma's popularity soared in 2002, the same year that Rachel, a character played
by Jennifer Aniston on the TV show "Friends," named her baby Emma. Also boosting
the name, actress Emma Watson played Hermione Granger in the popular Harry
Potter movies.

Emma has been ranked among the top three baby names for girls since 2003, first
reaching No. 1 in 2008. In 2013, Emma was No. 2 behind Sophia.

For several years, trends have favored names that are short and smooth - Mia,
Liam and Noah - and that have a lot of vowels.

Two girls' names that skyrocketed in popularity in 2015 were Alaia and Adaline,
illustrating that vowel trend. Alaia moved up more than 2,000 spots on the list,
from No. 2,676 to No. 664.

The reasons for Alaia's rise aren't clear.

"Perhaps this can be attributed to high-fashion designer Azzedine Alaia, or
maybe it is because of Alaia Baldwin, the model/daughter of actor Stephen
Baldwin," speculated the Social Security Administration in a news release.

The name Adaline moved from No. 1,393 to No. 364. "The Age of Adaline" was a
2015 movie starring Blake Lively.

For boys, the top-rising name is Riaan, which moved from No. 2,286 to No. 926.
It's the name of the young son of a well-known Bollywood actor, Riteish
Deshmukh.

The Social Security Administration's website provides lists of the top 1,000
baby names for each year, dating to 1880. The top baby names that year were John
and Mary. John is now No. 26, while Mary has fallen to No. 124.

___

Follow Mary Clare Jalonick on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mcjalonick

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 4:21 PM GMT

Democrats work to paint NH senator as loyal ally of Trump

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN RONAYNE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 814 words

DATELINE: CONCORD, N.H.


CONCORD, N.H. (AP) - Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte casts herself as independent,
focused on New Hampshire over party politics in her re-election bid. But now
she's trying to fight off a different label, one that Democrats will assign her
at every turn: Loyal ally of Donald Trump.

Ayotte's rival, Democratic Gov. Maggie Hassan, pounced even before the dust had
settled this past week in Trump's newly clear path to the Republican
presidential nomination.

"He is dangerous to the country," Hassan told reporters. "I am appalled that
Sen. Ayotte is supporting him, and I think she absolutely will need to be held
accountable for Donald Trump's statements and positions."

On Ayotte's tricky path to another term, Trump is a potentially devastating
roadblock. Ayotte repeatedly has said she'll support the eventual GOP nominee,
but on Trump's first official day as the presumptive nominee her campaign
offered a tortured response. She plans to support the nominee - no name
mentioned - but as a candidate herself, she will not endorse.

Vulnerable Republicans nationwide are struggling with how to handle Trump, but
Ayotte's position may be among the most delicate. New Hampshire tilts Democratic
in presidential years, and polling shows Trump is deeply unpopular among New
Hampshire voters, including the independents Ayotte desperately needs to support
her.

Republicans need to hold the New Hampshire seat to keep their majority in the
Senate next year, but the odds are tough. The GOP is defending 24 seats to the
Democrats' 10 and seven of those seats are in states President Barack Obama won
twice - Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and New
Hampshire.

Ayotte has cautiously disagreed with Trump's more bombastic remarks, but
criticizing him more overtly could undermine her already fragile relationship
with some conservatives.

"She's got to say she'll support Trump," said Donna Sytek, a former New
Hampshire House speaker and co-chairwoman of Ayotte's campaign. "That's making
the best of a bad situation."

Among voters, Paula Tate-Moreau of Lee, New Hampshire, called Trump a "loose
cannon," but said she'll likely split her ticket in November with votes for
likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Ayotte. An independent who leans
Republican, Tate-Moreau doesn't see a problem with Ayotte's
support-but-not-endorse distinction.

"That's her party, and I think that a lot of the Republicans are having the same
issue," she said. "I don't think that anybody can be held accountable for what
somebody else says."

But Kristen Bibeault, of Laconia, said she questions Ayotte's judgment.

"If she's going to feel that she can support him then that's kind of scary for
me," Bibeault said, adding that she plans to back Hassan and is largely
unfamiliar with Ayotte's record.

Katherine Bucklin Stearns, an Andover lawyer who doesn't identify with either
political party, said she doesn't expect her intense dislike of Trump to sway
her opinion.

"I try to vote for the person and not the party," she said.

Ayotte's campaign argues that Clinton offers no favors to Hassan.

Clinton's "deep unpopularity with New Hampshire voters will be a major liability
for Hassan given their close ties," Ayotte spokeswoman Liz Johnson said.

Polls show Clinton is unpopular with most New Hampshire voters, but not as much
as Trump. A late April poll from the University of New Hampshire Survey Center
shows 75 percent of likely New Hampshire voters view him negatively compared to
58 percent for Clinton.

With much of the spotlight on Ayotte, Hassan has conducted a relatively
under-the-radar campaign, but there are signs it's ramping up. She attended
out-of-state fundraising events 12 days in April and launched her first
television ad this week. It's a minutelong spot with her son Ben, who was born
with cerebral palsy. Filmed in Hassan's home, she speaks about Ben's first day
of school and the people who have helped him integrate into society - a message
in stark contrast to the divisiveness of the 2016 campaign.

"It made it so clear to me how much you can accomplish when you work together,"
Hassan says to the camera. There's no mention of political affiliation.

As Hassan works to cultivate a positive image, outside groups are doing the
dirty work against Ayotte, launching ads criticizing her opposition to abortion
and resistance to considering Obama's Supreme Court nominee. Polling suggests
the Supreme Court arguments are working. A recent University of New Hampshire
poll that shows 60 percent of people favor a vote on Judge Merrick Garland also
shows a drop in Ayotte's overall favorability.

But the poll contained good news for Ayotte: Among independent voters, she has a
significant edge over Hassan.

"What the American people want is they want people to work together," Ayotte
told reporters last Friday when asked about chaos in her party. "That certainly
is going to be my focus."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 2:56 PM GMT

Candidates asked to unite vs Filipino mayor likened to Trump

BYLINE: By JIM GOMEZ, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: MANILA, Philippines


MANILA, Philippines (AP) - The Philippine leader Friday made a desperate call on
presidential candidates to agree to an alliance to defeat a front-running mayor
he describes as a threat to democracy.

President Benigno Aquino III said the 30 percent lead of Mayor Rodrigo Duterte
in surveys could be overcome if his trailing rivals, mainly former Interior
Secretary Mar Roxas and Sen. Grace Poe, could unite.

Aquino did not elaborate but he was insinuating that some of the candidates
trailing Duterte in opinion surveys can back out and support a single aspirant
to surmount Duterte's lead.

"Instead of thinking about what shall we do if everything he says is exactly
what he tells to do, why don't we remove that problem or that threat or that
insecurity by uniting the 70 and defeating the 30?" Aquino told CNN Philippines
in an interview.

"The whole point is, any two of them unites... we have more than 40 percent. It
defeats the 30 percent," Aquino said.

Five candidates are seeking the presidency in Monday's elections, and the winner
will be whoever gets the most votes, even if no one gets a majority.

In a news conference, Roxas called on Poe to agree to meet and discuss unifying,
but she rejected outright any arrangement for her to leave the race.

"We can talk anytime," Poe said. "But I'm saying early on that if they're
thinking of talking to convince one of us to withdraw, I will not back out."

Roxas called Poe's rejection of his offer to meet and talk about possible unity
"unfortunate."

"I repeat, what is at stake here are important: democracy, the economy, jobs and
the welfare of our country," Roxas said.

Another candidate, Vice President Jejomar Binay also rejected Aquino's call.

The brash Duterte, who has been compared to Donald Trump in the U.S.
presidential race, has caused alarm with his threats, including of closing
Congress if lawmakers try to impeach him if he triumphs in Monday's elections.

Known for expletive-laden speeches, Duterte, 71, built his political name with
an iron-fisted approach to fighting crime in Davao, where he has been accused by
human rights groups of links to extrajudicial killings.

His bold pledge to eradicate crime, especially drug trafficking and kidnappings,
in three to six months has resonated with the public, but also sparked alarm and
doubts.

The former government prosecutor remained in the top spot in the most recent
polls despite a storm of criticism after he remarked recently that he wished he
could have been the first to rape an Australian missionary who was sexually
assaulted and killed by inmates in a 1989 prison riot because she was
attractive.

When the Australian and U.S. ambassadors commented that rape and such brutal
death should not be trivialized, Duterte told them to shut up. Reacting to a
reporter's question, he expressed openness to severe ties with the U.S. and
Australia if the two countries would initiate such a move.

A Philippine senator has filed a corruption complaint against Duterte, alleging
that the mayor of southern Davao city hired 11,000 non-existent employees whose
salaries cost the government 708 million ($15 million).

Duterte also allegedly kept wealth in a joint bank account with his daughter
that he did not declare publicly in 2014 as required by law.

The mayor has denied committing any wrongdoing.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 2:24 PM GMT

In contrast to Obama, Trump says UK "better off" without EU

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 122 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump says Britain
is "better off without" the European Union.

That's in contrast with President Barack Obama, who has cautioned British voters
against leaving the EU. Britain will vote June 23 on whether to remain in the
28-nation bloc.

"I would say that they're better off without it, personally," Trump told Fox
News on Wednesday.

"But I'm not making that as a recommendation, just my feeling. I know Great
Britain very well. ... I have a lot of investments there," he added. "I would
say that they're better off without it. But I want them to make their own
decisions."

Trump said the refugee crisis "has been a horrible thing for Europe; a lot of
that was pushed by the EU."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 1:30 PM GMT

Democratic advertising blitz awaits GOP's Trump

BYLINE: By CHAD DAY and JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS; Only on AP

LENGTH: 698 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Long before Donald Trump swatted away his Republican
presidential rivals, his likely Democratic opponent and her allies began laying
traps for him.

Priorities USA, the lead super PAC backing Hillary Clinton, has already reserved
$91 million in television advertising that will start next month and continue
through Election Day. In addition, Clinton's campaign and Priorities USA have
both debuted online videos that cast Trump in a negative light - a preview of
what voters will see on TV over the next six months.

So far, Priorities USA is the only group on either side that has rolled out such
an ambitious advertising plan geared toward the general election. The group's
leaders say they're trying to avoid what they see as the core mistake made by
Trump's Republican rivals - not pushing hard enough against him until it was too
late.

"There's a reason that we have a head start," said Justin Barasky, a Priorities
USA spokesman, "and it's that we've taken Donald Trump seriously all along,
unlike the Republicans."

The group's ad strategy will test what has been a hallmark of Trump's GOP
primary rise: his ability to withstand - even thrive in the face of - tens of
millions of dollars in attack ads.

An Associated Press review of Priorities USA's TV buys, collected by Kantar
Media's Campaign Media Analysis Group, reveals a formidable 22-week advertising
blitz through what the group considers key battleground states: Colorado,
Florida, Iowa, Nevada, New Hampshire, Ohio and Virginia.

In those states, Priorities USA will start ads in major metropolitan areas, then
broaden its outreach to smaller cities as the November election approaches. The
group will also start ads on satellite TV in September.

According to the CMAG data, Priorities USA plans to spend about $4 million a
week through most of June. The group then slows spending through July, taking
off the weeks of the Republican and Democratic conventions, when widespread
television coverage essentially provides free media time for the candidates.

Priorities USA returns to the airwaves in August and begins unloading $60
million in ads between September and Election Day. The week of the election,
Priorities USA plans to spend about $8 million in the seven battleground states.

The heaviest concentration is in Florida, where the group has reserved $23
million in time, mostly in Orlando and in Tampa.

The group also plans to spend about $19.5 million in the traditional
presidential bellwether state of Ohio. More than half is for Cleveland, Akron
and Columbus.

There's no substantive GOP counterweight to the pro-Clinton effort - partly
because Trump has repeatedly trashed big donors and called the outside groups
that can raise unlimited money from them "corrupt."

As the presumptive GOP nominee, Trump is now beginning his outreach to donors.
But even if he fully embraces outside help, he's far behind: One super PAC
backing him, Great America, was almost $700,000 in debt at the end of March.

Another group that was a major player in the 2012 race, American Crossroads, is
still "evaluating what our specific role will be," said spokesman Ian Prior.

Television ads are only one part of Priorities USA's strategy. It is putting at
least $35 million into online advertising between June and Election Day, Barasky
said. Those ads will largely aim to drive up turnout among core Democratic
groups: African-Americans, Hispanics, women and younger voters, Barasky said.

Trump is already getting a taste of what some these ads will say.

On Thursday, Priorities USA overlaid audio of Trump talking about "unifying" the
Republican Party with images of violence that has erupted inside and outside of
his massive rallies. "I think we're going to win in November," Trump says at the
end. "NOPE," reads text on the screen. "Vote for Hillary Clinton."

That follows an online video the Clinton campaign put out Wednesday that
features clips of prominent Republicans, including his former rivals, bashing
Trump in every possible way.

"He needs therapy," says former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at the end of the spot.

___

Follow Chad Day and Julie Bykowicz on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/ChadSDay
and http://twitter.com/Bykowicz

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 1:25 PM GMT

Trump returns to campaign trail, targets Clinton on coal

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: CHARLESTON, W.Va.


CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) - Republican Donald Trump returned to the campaign trail
for his first rally as his party's presumptive nominee on Thursday night,
delivering a series of searing attacks against likely rival Hillary Clinton and
making clear he has no intention of toning down the rhetoric that drove his
spectacular rise.

Trump, arriving to John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads," betrayed a hint
of wistfulness about wrapping up the nomination more quickly than he and his
aides had expected. Rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich suddenly ended their
campaigns this week, making his visit to West Virginia, which votes May 10,
largely symbolic.

"I actually wish the primaries were not over. It's no fun this way," he told the
crowd of about 13,000 packed into a Charleston stadium.

"I want the primaries to keep going, but everybody's out. I'm the only one
left," he said.

Trump even went as far as to instruct his supporters not to bother voting in
next Tuesday's primary and focus instead on the race in November.

"You don't have to vote anymore. Save your vote for the general election, OK?"
he told them. "Forget this one, the primary's gone."

In his remarks, Trump drilled down on his economic message, vowing to
renegotiate trade deals, punish companies for outsourcing jobs and revive the
state's waning coal industry. He mugged for the cameras in a hard hat presented
by a local coal association and cracked a joke about his famous hair really
being his.

And after months of bragging about largely self-funding his own campaign - a
decision that was praised again and again by his supporters- Trump for the first
time acknowledged at a rally that he plans to begin actively soliciting
contributions.

Trump notably made no mention of the continued, nagging resistance to his
candidacy from some elements of his party, including House Speaker Paul Ryan's
announcement earlier Thursday that he's not ready to throw his support behind
the business mogul.

Instead, Trump focused his attention on Clinton, criticizing, in particular, a
remark she made in a March saying, "We're going to put a lot of coal miners and
coal companies out of business." Clinton said this week she'd made "a
misstatement" while campaigning in the state.

Trump, whose team had passed out signs that read, "Trump Digs Coal," said that,
if he's elected, "We're going to put the miners back to work."

"You're going to be working your asses off," he told the miners in the crowd.

Trump also blasted the Clinton family's charitable foundation, to which he has
donated, as "a scam." And he hinted at darker attacks to come, targeting Clinton
over the infidelities of her husband, former President Bill Clinton.

During his administration, Trump said, Hillary Clinton "was a part of almost
everything - almost - I say, not everything," Trump said at one point, drawing
jeers from some in the crowd.

"Terrible," he mockingly chastised. "I didn't think the people of West Virginia
thought like that. That's terrible. You should be ashamed of yourselves!"

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 1:11 PM GMT

Correction: GOP 2016-Trump-Congress story

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In a story May 4 about congressional GOP reaction to Donald
Trump becoming the party's presumptive nominee for president, The Associated
Press reported erroneously that Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, chairs the Republican
Party committee overseeing arrangements at this summer's GOP national
convention. That committee is being chaired by a different Steve King, who is
Wisconsin committeeman on the Republican National Committee.

A corrected version of the story is below:

On Capitol Hill, GOP muted a day after Trump's ascension

Congressional Republicans are saying little about Donald Trump a day after the
billionaire TV personality was all but anointed as their party's presidential
candidate

By ALAN FRAM

Associated Press

WASHINGTON (AP) - The reaction of congressional Republicans to Donald Trump's
ascension ranged from subdued to silent on Wednesday, a day after the
billionaire TV personality was all but anointed as the party's presidential
nominee.

A day after a decisive Indiana primary victory left Trump the sole GOP
presidential contender standing, aides to House Speaker Paul Ryan and other top
Republicans did not immediately return phone and email messages seeking comment.

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said Wednesday evening that he
was committed to supporting his party's nominee but signaled that he expects
Trump to help heal the wounds of the GOP's tumultuous primary fight.

Trump "now has the opportunity and the obligation to unite our party around our
goals" of bolstering the economy and national security, McConnell said. Other
Republicans offered less than full-throated promises to help him win the White
House.

"I plan to put all of my support behind the Republican nominee and do whatever
is asked of me to ensure a Republican is elected president," said Rep. Michael
Burgess, R-Texas, in a statement that lacked Trump's name. Burgess had backed
Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who ended his presidential bid Tuesday evening.

The hushed reaction underscored GOP concern that Trump's uninhibited remarks
about women, Hispanics and others will cost congressional candidates at the
polls in November.

Ryan, R-Wis., and McConnell have criticized Trump's comments. Ryan has policy
proposals in the works on taxes and other issues that House GOP candidates can
tout regardless of what Trump does, while McConnell has privately told senators
that lawmakers seeking re-election could drop him "like a hot rock."

"What we know right now is obviously concerning," Mike Shields, who heads the
Congressional Leadership Fund, a political group that helps House GOP
candidates, said of Trump's remarks in an interview Wednesday.

Conservative Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said on WHO radio in Des Moines that it
was time to support the nominee - but took a couple of pokes at Trump.

"I've never seen a nominee pour out so many insults on other people as Donald
Trump has," said King. He added that Trump "is going to have to do a job of
reaching out to conservatives."

Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., a leading Trump foe, tweeted Tuesday evening: "Reporters
keep asking if Indiana changes anything for me. The answer is simple: No."

In contrast, Democrats were eager to link GOP congressional candidates to their
party's presumptive presidential nominee.

A press release by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said, "House
Republicans: Welcome to the Trump Ticket, House Republicans' Nightmare Has
Become Reality." The committee is House Democrats' campaign organization.

Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, D-Ariz., challenging veteran Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.,
saw Trump's victory as a fundraising opportunity.

"This is scary. Trump is dangerous for Arizona families," she said in an email
to supporters that added, "This is our chance to defeat McCain. Donate $5 now."

___

Associated Press writers Matthew Daly, Erica Werner and Donna Cassata
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 12:20 PM GMT

Carson says he's 'very disappointed' with Ryan's stance

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 136 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson says he
was "personally very disappointed" to hear House Speaker Paul Ryan withhold his
support for Donald Trump as the Republican presidential nominee.

Carson tells MSNBC's "Morning Joe" show that "if we divide the party, we ensure
the victory of the opposite party. And we've got to be more mature than that."

Carson, who is helping Trump decide on a vice presidential running mate, said
Friday: "I hope Speaker Ryan and many others, as time goes on, realizes that."

On the vice presidential selection, Carson told an interviewer that if there's a
Democrat who subscribes to the Republican Party's beliefs, "let me know."

"This is such an important position," Carson added. "You don't want to exclude
anybody just on the basis of one characteristic."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 11:46 AM GMT

AP Analysis: For Republicans fearing Trump, Ryan offers out

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 835 words

DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C.


RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Within the span of a single hour, Donald Trump gave
Republicans wary of his presidential nomination yet another reason to worry -
and House Speaker Paul Ryan tried to give them a way out.

In a surprise rebuke, Ryan announced Thursday that he was "just not ready" to
support Trump, who became the presumptive Republican presidential nominee this
week after a big win in Indiana forced his remaining rivals from the race. Ryan
told CNN that his party should have a leader who "appeals to a vast majority of
Americans."

Just before Ryan's stunning statement, Trump attempted to make that kind of
appeal - in his own eyebrow-raising way. The billionaire businessman sent a
tweet from his Trump Tower office featuring a picture of him eating a taco bowl
and declaring his affection for one of America's fastest-growing and politically
powerful minority groups.

"I love Hispanics!" Trump wrote. He noted that he sent the message on Cinco de
Mayo, a holiday marking the Mexican Army's victory over the French in 1862.

Trump's ode to the taco bowl may have been sent with good intentions. But it
reflected a political tone deafness that worries some Republican leaders as they
not only weigh the real estate mogul's prospects in the general election, but
also how far they should go in linking themselves to his candidacy.

To some Hispanic leaders, Trump's tweet was offensive and patronizing, the
latest stumble from a candidate who has deeply offended many in their community.

"Eating a taco or wearing a sombrero doesn't cut it w/our community in 2016,"
Janet Murguia, president of the National Council of La Raza, the nation's
largest Hispanic civil rights organization, said on Twitter.

Vicente Fox, the former president of Mexico, who has clashed with Trump over his
signature proposal to build a wall between the two nations, joked that he saw
that Trump is "now having some enchiladas and some Mexican food. I hope that he
will not get indigestion."

To be sure, Trump's enthusiastic support from Republican primary voters - they
skew whiter and older - is rooted in part in his willingness to cross lines of
political correctness and flout traditional campaign decorum. But the voters
Trump will face in his November race, likely against Democratic front-runner
Hillary Clinton, will be far more diverse.

Trump already enters the general election struggling mightily with Hispanics,
many of whom strongly oppose his call for building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico
border and deporting the millions of people in the United States illegally.

In an Associated Press-GfK poll conducted in early April, 82 percent of
Hispanics had an unfavorable opinion of Trump and just 11 percent had a
favorable opinion. At least 7 in 10 Hispanics said words including honest,
civil, compassionate, competent and likable don't describe Trump even slightly
well.

Ryan, a Wisconsin lawmaker and the Republican Party's vice presidential nominee
in 2012, has been among the GOP leaders pushing for an overhaul of U.S.
immigration laws. He has also supported measures that would give legal status to
those already in the country illegally.

Some Republicans see immigration as a threshold issue for Hispanic voters, and
say their party stands little chance of having broad appeal with Hispanics
unless it addresses the nation's fractured approach to immigration. Mitt Romney
won less than 30 percent of Hispanics in his loss to President Barack Obama in
the 2012 election.

Those stark political realities pose one of the biggest problems for Ryan and
other GOP officials trying to gauge how supporting Trump in the short-term could
impact their party - and, of course, their own political futures - in years to
come. That's a particular concern for Ryan, who passed on running for president
this year but is already being eyed for a run in 2020.

Other prominent Republicans took similar steps to distance themselves from Trump
this week, including former Presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, who
both made clear they would not be helping their party's nominee. But as the
nation's highest elected Republican, Ryan's words have particular resonance and
could give others in his party cover to take a similar stance.

Of course, Ryan may yet come around on Trump; he told CNN "there's a lot of
questions conservatives are going to want answers to." One of the first big-name
Republicans to back Trump, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, said Thursday:
"Donald's got work to do to bring people together. I'm going to reach out to the
speaker and see what his concerns are."

But Trump made clear later Thursday that he won't be waiting around.

"I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan's agenda," Trump said. "Perhaps in the
future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the
American people."

___

AP News Survey Specialist Emily Swanson contributed to this report.

___

Pace has covered the White House and politics for the AP since 2007. Follow her
on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jpaceDC

An AP News Analysis

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Analysis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 6, 2016 Friday 10:01 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Today

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 341 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about today:

1. ONE SURE THEME AT PARTY CONGRESS IN NORTH KOREA

Get ready for wall-to-wall praise of Kim Jong Un and his efforts to strengthen
the North's nuclear-weapons program.

2. MILLIONS OF DOLLARS STORED AWAY TO TARGET TRUMP

Priorities USA, the lead super PAC backing Hillary Clinton, has already reserved
$91 million in television advertising that will start next month and continue
through Election Day, the AP learns.

3. HOW AUTHORITIES HOPE TO MOVE PEOPLE DISPLACED BY WILDFIRE

Canadian officials will start shuttling thousands of people from work camps
north of devastated Fort McMurray in a mass convoy if the highway is safe from
the huge wildfire raging in Alberta.

4. MAN CONVICTED IN 'GRIM SLEEPER' SERIAL KILLINGS

Lonnie Franklin Jr., 63, shows no emotion as the verdicts are read in the Los
Angeles court, while victims' family members quietly weep.

5. WHO COULD MAKE POLITICAL HISTORY IN LONDON

Sadiq Khan, a 45-year-old Labour lawmaker, is the favorite to be elected the
city's mayor. He'd be the first Muslim to hold the job.

6. HUNDREDS OF MOURNERS GATHERING IN NEW MEXICO

They'll remember an 11-year-old girl who was killed after being abducted along
her school bus route on the Navajo Nation.

7. NO LACK OF JOBS, DESPITE SLUGGISH ECONOMY

Most economists believe hiring in the U.S. will continue at a healthy clip, even
as the economy has slowed to an anemic pace.

8. FRESH QUESTION RAISED ABOUT JOE PATERNO

Insurers in litigation with Penn State reportedly allege that a boy told the
head football coach in 1976 that he had been molested by Jerry Sandusky.

9. LITTLE-KNOWN CZECH COMPANY RIDES VINYL WAVE

As vinyl records make a global comeback in popularity, GZ Media is establishing
itself as one of the world's biggest record manufacturers.

10. WHY TV CHARACTER KEPT CALLING HIMSELF A 'REALTOR'

On ABC's "Modern Family," Phil Dunphy explains the difference between a Realtor
and real estate agent - in a segment paid for by the Realtors association.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 129 words


"I have never had such happiness like this in my life." - Truck driver Stephen
Onyango, after his wife, 24-year-old Elizabeth Night Odhiambo, was found alive
in the rubble of an apartment building that collapsed six days ago in the Kenyan
capital of Nairobi.

___

"Not only didn't I cheat, I didn't play with him. I have never played a round of
golf with this guy." - Donald Trump, responding to claims by retired boxer Oscar
De La Hoya that the presumptive GOP presidential nominee bends the rules on the
golf course.

___

"We protest against the barbarians who destroyed monuments of world culture." -
Renowned Russian conductor Valery Gergiev, who led a triumphant concert Thursday
in the ruins of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, once terrorized by the
Islamic State group.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 3:26 AM GMT

The Latest: Indiana's governor says he'll support Trump

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2462 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on campaign 2016 (all times Eastern):

11:20 p.m.

Indiana Gov. Mike Pence says he will support Donald Trump as the Republican
Party's presidential candidate in the November election.

The Republican governor spoke with local media Thursday. He told TV station WTHI
in Terre Haute: "I look forward to supporting our presumptive nominee. I think
Donald Trump will do very well in the Hoosier State."

Pence endorsed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz last week, days before Trump won the state's
primary election. Pence also praised Trump at the time and said, "I'm not
against anybody."

__

10 p.m.

A member of Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner's administration says the Republican
governor will not endorse Donald Trump as the GOP standard-bearer in the
November election.

Rauner declined to back a candidate during the once-crowded GOP nomination
process, although he did express dismay with Trump's rhetoric.

Rauner's aide, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the aide wasn't
authorized to speak to the media, also says the governor won't attend the July
Republican Convention in Cleveland. Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk, a Republican whose
re-election effort is being challenged by Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth, says
he is also skipping the convention.

Trump picked up 54 delegates by winning Illinois' March 15 primary. His
nomination is almost assured after Ted Cruz and John Kasich dropped out of the
race this week.

__

8:30 p.m.

Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump wants to create a "deportation force to round
up millions of people," warning a largely Hispanic audience about the
presumptive Republican nominee.

Clinton says the "best way to prevent that from happening is to make sure he
never gets near the White House."

The Democratic front-runner says she will push for a comprehensive overhaul of
immigration laws and end "raids and roundups" of immigrants.

Clinton was heckled by some protesters at the Cinco de Mayo event at East Los
Angeles College in Monterey Park, California, prompting the crowd to chant her
name.

She is pushing for a show of force in California's June 7 primary against Bernie
Sanders. She says "winning big in California will put us on the path to winning
big in November."

__

8:20 p.m.

Republican Donald Trump has returned to the campaign trail for his first rally
as his party's presumptive nominee, but is making no mention of the continued
resistance to his candidacy.

Trump did not address House Speaker Paul Ryan's announcement earlier Thursday
that he's not ready to support the business mogul as he addressed a crowd of
thousands packed into a Charleston, West Virginia, stadium.

Instead, Trump focused his attention on likely Democratic rival Hillary Clinton,
criticizing her past comments on the coal industry, her support for trade deals
and her family's charitable foundation.

Trump is vowing to revive the state's coal industry, renegotiate U.S. trade
deals and punish companies for outsourcing.

__

8:15 p.m.

Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, a longtime critic of Donald Trump, now plans to
support the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.

Adviser Jeff Miller says Perry "believes Trump is the nominee and will be
supporting him over Clinton." Perry also told CNN on Thursday that he wouldn't
rule out being Trump's vice presidential pick.

Perry had endorsed Ted Cruz before the Texas senator dropped out of the
presidential race Tuesday.

Perry abandoned his own presidential bid last September, but not before calling
Trump a "cancer to conservatism" and dismissing his campaign as a "toxic mix of
demagoguery and nonsense."

Perry left office in January 2015.

__

7:15 p.m.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus says he thinks House
Speaker Paul Ryan and the party's presumptive presidential nominee, Donald Trump
, will work out their differences.

Priebus says he spoke to both men Thursday after Ryan said he wasn't ready to
throw his support behind the business mogul. Trump responded with a statement
saying he's not ready to support Ryan's agenda.

The RNC chair says in an interview recorded for Fox News Channel's "Hannity"
that Ryan and Trump "are meeting next week to talk about these things."

Priebus says he thinks "everyone has to let a little bit of the steam to get out
and get everyone to settle down." Eventually, he says, "I think that this is
going to come together."

__

7 p.m.

Republican Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio says he thinks his party's presumptive
presidential nominee, Donald Trump, could be a plus for his re-election bid.

Portman faces former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland in the swing state's closely
watched U.S. Senate contest this fall.

During a stop at the Youngstown Air Reserve Station on Thursday, Portman was
asked about the impact a Trump nomination would have on his race.

According to a transcript of the comments provided by the senator's campaign,
Portman said he thought it will be "positive in the end."

Portman says Trump got votes from Ohioans who had never voted Republican. He
says he had friends who normally don't vote who voted for Trump.

Portman says the billionaire is bringing new people to the party, "no question
about it."

__

6:54 p.m.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he wants to broker a truce between a
reluctant House Speaker Paul Ryan and the Republican Party's presumptive
presidential nominee, Donald Trump.

Christie tells reporters on Thursday afternoon that, "Donald's got work to do to
bring people together."

He adds, "I'm going to reach out to the speaker and see what his concerns are."

Christie was an early Trump endorser and has been advising him behind the
scenes.

Ryan said earlier Thursday that he wasn't ready to throw his support behind the
business mogul. Trump responded with a statement saying he's not ready to
support Ryan's agenda.

___

6:02 p.m.

Donald Trump says he's "not ready to support" House Speaker Paul Ryan's agenda
after the country's top elected GOP official said he's not ready to back Trump
as the party's presidential nominee.

In a statement released by his campaign, Trump says, "Perhaps in the future we
can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American
people."

Trump says Americans have been "been treated so badly for so long that it is
about time for politicians to put them first!"

Ryan said on CNN earlier Thursday that he's "just not ready" to support Trump's
candidacy, even though the billionaire businessman is the presumptive GOP
nominee.

The statement from the popular Ryan is further evidence of how much resistance
remains inside the party to Trump's candidacy.

___

5:25 p.m.

Donald Trump is celebrating Cinco de Mayo with a curious social media post.

Trump took to Twitter and Facebook Thursday with a picture of himself eating a
taco bowl and the caption: "Happy Cinco de Mayo! The best taco bowls are made in
Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!"

The post immediately went viral, generating tens of thousands of retweets and
seemingly as many jokes.

The taco bowl is not actually on sale at the Trump Grill, but the Trump Cafe in
the candidate's namesake tower offers a "Taco Fiesta!" for $13.50.

Trump's poll numbers among Latinos have been consistently poor since he began
his campaign by promising to build a border wall to prevent "killers" and
"rapists" from coming to the U.S. from Mexico.

__

4:25 p.m.

Donald Trump is suggesting that he will name his vice presidential pick at the
Republican National Convention in Cleveland this July.

Speaking in an interview Thursday with The Associated Press, Trump said that it
was still early in the process to select a running mate.

"It is early - we just won yesterday," Trump said. "I will announce it at the
convention. A lot of people are interested."

Trump has not yet won the number of delegates needed to clinch the nomination
but now has a clear path to becoming the Republican standardbearer after his
last two rivals, Ted Cruz and John Kasich, dropped out in recent days.

Trump also said that he would "do whatever the maximum standard is" in terms of
separating his business interests from his role as president if he wins in
November.

___

4:15 p.m.

House Speaker Paul Ryan is refusing to support Donald Trump as the Republican
nominee for president.

Ryan is the GOP's highest-ranking office holder and made the stunning
announcement on CNN's "The Lead" on Thursday.

It comes two days after Trump essentially clinched the nomination with a
commanding win in Indiana that forced his last two opponents from the race.

Ryan says he wants to be able to support Trump but that he's not there yet. He
says Trump has work to do to unify the party.

Ryan says many Republicans want to see "a standard-bearer who bears our
standards" and "unifies all the wings of the Republicans Party."

___

3:20 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is urging Democrats to unite around her candidacy, telling an
audience of black community leaders in Los Angeles that her lead among pledged
delegates and votes against Bernie Sanders is much wider than Barack Obama's
edge over her in 2008.

Clinton says at the California African American Museum that she is more than 3
million votes ahead of Sanders and nearly 300 pledged delegates ahead of him.
She says when she was running against Obama in 2008, they were "neck and neck"
in the popular vote and he had a lead of about 60 pledged delegates.

Clinton says she "knew that he had won because it matters how many delegates you
have, whether it's 60 or 300."

She says "we've got to work hard and win big here in California in the primary
to get ready for the general election" and she will do "everything I can to
unify the party."

___

3:00 p.m.

Donald Trump wants to make one thing perfectly clear - he doesn't cheat in golf.

Trump also says he has never played golf with former boxer Oscar De La Hoya, who
earlier this week questioned Trump's integrity on the golf course.

Trump told The Associated Press on Thursday he respects the game too much to
cheat and is good enough to have won a number of club championships. Trump, who
owns 18 golf courses, says De La Hoya is lying about him because he wants to
sell tickets to a fight he is promoting.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee said his son Eric told him not
to respond to De La Hoya's charges that he cheated on two different holes two
years ago at Trump National golf course in Los Angeles. But he says he had to
respond because golf is a game built on integrity.

___

2:20 p.m.

Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign is starting a new "Stop Trump Fund" to
raise money off businessman Donald Trump's emergence as the presumptive
Republican nominee.

Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook says in an email to supporters that the
fundraising drive will "make sure that Trump can never use the power of the
presidency" to deport millions of immigrants, prevent Muslims from entering the
United States or "punish" women who get abortions.

The campaign is sending free stickers to people who donate to the fund, which
will raise money for Clinton's primary campaign against Democratic rival Bernie
Sanders.

___

2:00 p.m.

With their champion, Sen. Ted Cruz, now out of the presidential race, groups
opposing abortion and same-sex marriage say they'll bide their time and warily
assess Donald Trump before deciding whether to back him as the Republican
nominee.

During months of campaigning, Trump has made some statements about abortion and
gay rights that pleased social conservatives and others that unsettled them.
That inconsistency, coupled with various liberal-leaning comments he made in
past years, has deprived Trump of an enthusiastic embrace by the social
conservative camp.

Now, with Trump the presumptive GOP nominee, there are recalculations being made
by activist leaders who had backed Cruz, such as Tony Perkins, president of the
conservative Family Research Council. Perkins says key factors will include who
Trump picks as his running mate.

___

12:35 p.m.

Don't expect to see Mitt Romney at the Republican Party's national convention
this summer.

An aide to the GOP's 2012 presidential nominee confirms that Romney isn't
planning to attend the convention where Donald Trump is expected to become the
Republican Party's 2016 presidential nominee. The aide spoke on the condition of
anonymity to share internal discussions.

Romney has been an aggressive critic of Trump. The former Massachusetts governor
vowed earlier in the year that he'd rather write someone in than vote for Trump
in the general election.

Trump became the GOP's presumptive nominee this week after both of his remaining
rivals dropped out of the race.

___

12:25 p.m.

Freshman Republican Sen. Ben Sasse says America should draft an alternative to
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, someone who would be an "honest leader" and
"an adult."

"Why are we confined to these two terrible options?" Sasse writes in a manifesto
titled "An Open Letter to Majority America."

"This is America. If both choices stink, we reject them and go bigger. That's
what we do," he says.

Sasse, who has been an outspoken critic of Trump, doesn't offer a preferred
candidate -although over Twitter he's mentioned former Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn.

But he says after discussions with his constituents it's clear that voters want
a better option. Nebraska's Republicans have yet to vote in the presidential
election; their primary is May 10.

___

11:30 a.m.

Donald Trump says he has nothing against Janet Yellen but would likely replace
her as Fed chair once her term is up.

In an interview with CNBC, the likely Republican presidential nominee says he
thinks it would be appropriate for him to nominate someone else to lead the Fed
since Yellen is not a Republican. President Barack Obama selected Yellen to
succeed Republican Ben Bernanke. Her four-year term as Fed leader ends on Feb.
3, 2018.

Trump says he has "absolutely nothing against" Yellen, calling her a "very
capable person." While Yellen's term as chair ends in 2018, she could remain as
a governor on the Fed's seven-member board. Her 14-year term as a Fed board
member does not end until Jan. 31, 2024.

___

11:25 a.m.

Donald Trump is tapping private investor Steven Mnuchin to lead his presidential
fundraising.

Trump is a celebrity businessman who largely financed his primary bid through
personal loans to his campaign. He says that while he will continue to put up
"substantial money," he must also develop a more traditional fundraising
approach now that he is likely to face off with Democrat Hillary Clinton in the
general election.

Mnuchin is chairman and chief executive officer of Dune Capital management LLC,
a private investment firm, and previously worked at the New York bank Goldman
Sachs.

Trump says in a statement that he has worked with Mnuchin "in a business
capacity. Mnuchin "brings his expertise in finance to what will be an extremely
successful fundraising operation for the Republican Party," Trump says.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1999 words


Trump strains to unite GOP behind him; Ryan says no, for now

NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump is struggling in his efforts to unify the
Republican Party behind his presidential campaign, the difficulty immediately
underscored Thursday by a startling exchange of negative comments with GOP House
Speaker Paul Ryan who said he was not ready to support him.

Although Trump is now the party's presumptive nominee, Ryan said Thursday: "I'm
just not ready to do that at this point. I'm not there right now." Still, he
added: "I hope to. And I want to," in comments on CNN's "The Lead."

Trump responded, in a statement released by his campaign, that he was "not ready
to support" Ryan's agenda as the party's leader in the U.S. House. "Perhaps in
the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for
the American people," he said.

Two days after the Indiana primary all but sealed Trump's victory as the man who
will lead the GOP ticket in November, he is appealing to big-money donors he
blasted during the primaries as he takes his first steps toward raising the
massive amounts of cash he'll need for the general election campaign.

That effort was hardly helped by the rejection - for now - by Ryan, the
Wisconsin congressman who was Mitt Romney's running mate in 2012. In addition,
Romney and former President George W. Bush said they do not plan to attend the
party's national convention in July.

___

AP Source: Clinton aide interviewed in email investigation

WASHINGTON (AP) - The FBI has interviewed Huma Abedin, a close aide to Hillary
Clinton, as part of a federal investigation into Clinton's use of a private
email server as secretary of state, a person familiar with the probe said
Thursday.

The person insisted on anonymity to discuss an ongoing investigation.

The FBI and Justice Department have been investigating whether sensitive
information that flowed through Clinton's email server was mishandled.

Abedin was one of Clinton's closest aides during her tenure as the nation's top
diplomat, serving as deputy chief of staff. It was not immediately clear whether
other aides have been interviewed, or when or if Clinton herself might be
questioned.

"From the start, Hillary Clinton has offered to answer any questions that would
help the Justice Department complete its review, and we hope and expect that
anyone else who is asked would do the same," Clinton campaign spokesman Brian
Fallon said in a statement. "We are confident the review will conclude that
nothing inappropriate took place."

___

10 Things to Know for Friday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. THE SPEAKER HAS SPOKEN

House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan says he's not yet ready to back
Donald Trump as the GOP nominee.

2. WHO IS BUCKING THE PRESUMPTIVE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE

Trump is struggling in his efforts to unify the Republican Party behind his
presidential campaign. Mitt Romney and former President George W. Bush don't
plan to attend the party's national convention.

___

Los Angeles man guilty in 10 'Grim Sleeper' serial killings

LOS ANGELES (AP) - A former Los Angeles trash collector was convicted Thursday
of 10 counts of murder in the "Grim Sleeper" serial killings that targeted poor,
young black women over two decades.

Lonnie Franklin Jr. showed no emotion as the verdicts were read and family
members who had wondered if they would ever see justice quietly wept and dabbed
their eyes with tissues in the gallery.

"We got him," exclaimed Porter Alexander Jr., whose daughter Alicia, 18, was
shot and choked. Her body was found under a mattress in an alley in September
1988. "It took a long time. By the grace of God it happened. It's such a
relief."

Prosecutors will seek the death penalty during the second phase of trial
scheduled to start May 12.

Franklin, 63, was also was found guilty of one count of attempted murder for
shooting a woman in the chest and dumping her body from his orange Ford Pinto
two months after Alexander's killing. The survivor, Enietra Washington, provided
a link to seven previous slayings and was a key witness at trial.

___

Iraq routed IS from Ramadi at a high cost: A city destroyed

RAMADI, Iraq (AP) - This is what victory looks like in the Iraqi city of Ramadi:
In the once thriving Haji Ziad Square, not a single structure still stands.
Turning in every direction yields a picture of devastation.

A building that housed a pool hall and ice cream shops - reduced to rubble. A
row of money changers and motorcycle repair garages - obliterated, a giant bomb
crater in its place. The square's Haji Ziad Restaurant, beloved for years by
Ramadi residents for its grilled meats - flattened. The restaurant was so
popular its owner built a larger, fancier branch across the street three years
ago. That, too, is now a pile of concrete and twisted iron rods.

The destruction extends to nearly every part of Ramadi, once home to 1 million
people and now virtually empty. A giant highway cloverleaf at the main entrance
to the city is partially toppled. Apartment block after apartment block has been
crushed . Along a residential street, the walls of homes have been shredded
away, exposing furniture and bedding. Graffiti on the few homes still standing
warn of explosives inside.

When Iraqi government forces backed by U.S.-led warplanes wrested this city from
Islamic State militants after eight months of IS control, it was heralded as a
major victory. But the cost of winning Ramadi has been the city itself.

The scope of the damage is beyond that in other Iraqi cities recaptured so far
from the jihadi group. Photographs provided to The Associated Press by satellite
imagery and analytics company DigitalGlobe show more than 3,000 buildings and
nearly 400 roads and bridges were damaged or destroyed between May 2015, when
Ramadi fell to IS, and Jan. 22, after most of the fighting had ended. Over
roughly the same period, nearly 800 civilians were killed in clashes, airstrikes
and executions.

___

Pentagon spokesman says deadly IS attack was a surprise

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Islamic State attack on Kurdish forces in northern Iraq
that killed U.S. Navy Petty Officer 1st Class Charles Keating was a surprise
that, if anticipated, might have turned out differently, a Pentagon spokesman
said Thursday.

"Obviously, had we had the forces there, been able to see this attack coming,
they would have responded differently to it," Peter Cook, the Pentagon press
secretary, said. "Perhaps this could have been avoided. That's certainly
something that we're looking at carefully. This particular attack was not
anticipated and we were forced to respond."

Keating is the third U.S. service member to be killed in combat in Iraq since
U.S. forces returned there in 2014.

Keating was a member of what the military calls a quick-reaction force that was
called to the scene of the gun battle in which a small U.S. military advisory
team had already become involved. The Islamic State force managed to penetrate
the Kurds' lines but ultimately was pushed out of the area.

The U.S. military's main spokesman in Baghdad, Col. Steve Warren, said Wednesday
that it was unclear how IS managed to assemble an attacking force of an
estimated 125 fighters, plus vehicles, without being detected prior to the
assault.

___

Community questions delay in Amber Alert for Navajo girl

Several hours after a stranger abducted an 11-year-old Navajo girl as she played
near her home, few outside the reservation knew she was missing.

Cellphone alarms jolted New Mexico residents at 2:30 a.m. Tuesday, giving the
first warning beyond the Navajo Nation to keep watch for Ashlynne Mike and the
man who lured her into his van. He took the girl and her brother Monday
afternoon soon after they got off the school bus in a desolate stretch of the
reservation.

The Amber Alert's delay has drawn sharp criticism from those who believe more
could have been done to find Ashlynne alive, while others say issuing it earlier
would have made little difference. Officials and community members say it took
too long for information to get from the tribe to the outside authorities who
could help, wasting precious search time.

"My phone buzzed and I realized that this has gotten really serious. Why did it
take so long for the Navajo Nation to issue an Amber Alert?" said Rick Nez,
president of the tribe's San Juan Chapter, where Ashlynne lived.

The country's largest American Indian reservation does not have a system to
issue its own child abduction alerts, and a fraction of the 566 federally
recognized tribes do. In most cases, state authorities coordinate with the
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to send word about abductions
of children in danger of serious injury or death.

___

Canada evacuating 8,000 wildfire evacuees by air

FORT MCMURRAY, Alberta (AP) - Canadian officials began evacuating 8,000 people
from work camps north of devastated Fort McMurray by air on Thursday and hoped
to move thousands more via a highway convoy Friday if it is safe from a massive
wildfire raging in Alberta that has grown to 85,000 hectares (210,035 acres).

More than 80,000 people have emptied Fort McMurray in the heart of Canada's oil
sands, authorities said.

The Alberta government, which declared a state of emergency, said more than
1,100 firefighters, 145 helicopters, 138 pieces of heavy equipment and 22 air
tankers were fighting a total of 49 wildfires, with seven considered out of
control. Chad Morrison with AB Wildfire, manager of wildfire prevention, said
the fire continued to grow but is moving away from Fort McMurray and the rate of
its growth has slowed.

About 25,000 evacuees moved north in the hours after Tuesday's mandatory
evacuation, where oil sands work camps were converted to house people. But the
bulk of the more than 80,000 evacuees fled south to Edmonton and elsewhere, and
officials are moving everyone south where they can get better support services.

Officials had flown 4,000 evacuees to Edmonton and Calgary by Thursday evening
and expected to fly 4,000 more by the end of the day. They hoped the highway
would become safe enough on Friday to move the remaining people out via the
south. It wasn't safe Thursday. A helicopter will lead the evacuation convoy on
Friday morning to make sure the highway is safe. It will pass through Fort
McMurray where the fire has torched 1,600 homes and other buildings.

___

2,000 LED-tagged pigeons stage show in NYC sky

NEW YORK (AP) - New York is staging a show with 2,000 pigeons tagged with LED
lights illuminating the city's night sky.

For its premiere Thursday, the birds were released at sunset from coops aboard a
former aircraft carrier docked at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.

Improvising their own choreography, the flock swooped, twirled and glided
through the sky above the East River for the show called "Fly by Night."

"It's almost like this shooting star going across the skyline," said artist Duke
Riley, who created the 30-minute spectacle on the Brooklyn waterfront.

LED light bands are attached to a bird's leg and remote-controlled from the
Baylander, a decommissioned Navy ship from the Vietnam era.

___

Arsenio Hall sues Sinead O'Connor for libel over Prince post

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Arsenio Hall is suing Sinead O'Connor over a Facebook post in
which the singer accused him of furnishing Prince with drugs.

The comedian's libel lawsuit filed Thursday in Los Angeles Superior Court calls
O'Connor's accusations fabricated lies. The lawsuit states O'Connor, who scored
a hit in 1990 with her rendition of Prince's "Nothing Compares 2 U," barely knew
the superstar and despised him.

O'Connor wrote a Facebook post Monday that stated investigators looking into the
supplier of drugs used by Prince should question Hall. She also accused him of
drugging her.

O'Conner's agent did not immediately return an email message seeking comment.

The lawsuit seeks more than $5 million in damages but any award would be decided
by a jury. The case was first reported by celebrity website TMZ.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 2:21 AM GMT

Trump returns to campaign trail, targets Clinton on coal

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: CHARLESTON, W.Va.


CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) - Republican Donald Trump returned to the campaign trail
for his first rally as his party's presumptive nominee on Thursday night,
delivering a series of searing attacks against likely rival Hillary Clinton and
making clear he has no intention of toning down the rhetoric that drove his
spectacular rise.

Trump, arriving to John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads," betrayed a hint
of wistfulness about wrapping up the nomination more quickly than he and his
aides had expected. Rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich suddenly ended their
campaigns this week, making his visit to West Virginia, which votes May 10,
largely symbolic.

"I actually wish the primaries were not over. It's no fun this way," he told the
crowd of about 13,000 packed into a Charleston stadium.

"I want the primaries to keep going, but everybody's out. I'm the only one
left," he said.

Trump drilled down on his economic message, vowing to renegotiate trade deals,
punish companies for outsourcing jobs and revive the state's waning coal
industry. He mugged for the cameras in a hard hat presented by a local coal
association and cracked a joke about his famous hair really being his.

And after months of bragging about largely self-funding his own campaign - a
decision that was praised again and again by his supporters- Trump for the first
time acknowledged at a rally that he plans to begin actively soliciting
contributions.

Trump notably made no mention of the continued, nagging resistance to his
candidacy from some elements of his party, including House Speaker Paul Ryan's
announcement earlier Thursday that he's not ready to throw his support behind
the business mogul.

Instead, Trump focused his attention on Clinton, criticizing, in particular, a
remark she made in a March saying, "We're going to put a lot of coal miners and
coal companies out of business." Clinton said this week she'd made "a
misstatement" while campaigning in the state.

Trump, whose team had passed out signs that read, "Trump Digs Coal," said that,
if he's elected, "We're going to put the miners back to work."

"You're going to be working your asses off," he told the miners in the crowd.

Trump also blasted the Clinton family's charitable foundation, to which he has
donated, as "a scam." And he hinted at darker attacks to come, targeting Clinton
over the infidelities of her husband, former President Bill Clinton.

During his administration, Trump said, Hillary Clinton "was a part of almost
everything - almost - I say, not everything," Trump said at one point, drawing
jeers from some in the crowd.

"Terrible," he mockingly chastised. "I didn't think the people of West Virginia
thought like that. That's terrible. You should be ashamed of yourselves!"

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 2:18 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Friday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. THE SPEAKER HAS SPOKEN

House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan says he's not yet ready to back
Donald Trump as the GOP nominee.

2. WHO IS BUCKING THE PRESUMPTIVE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE

Trump is struggling in his efforts to unify the Republican Party behind his
presidential campaign. Mitt Romney and former President George W. Bush don't
plan to attend the party's national convention.

3. PRINCE DOCTORS FACE QUESTIONS

Questions arise about California doctor's response to Prince.

4. WHERE WILDFIRES BURN

More than 80,000 people have emptied an Alberta community in the heart of
Canada's oil sands.

5. HOW IRAQ ROUTED IS FROM RAMADI

The cost of expelling the Islamic State group was high: A city destroyed.

6. SERIAL KILLER CONVICTED

A former Los Angeles trash collector is found guilty in 10 "Grim Sleeper" serial
killings that spanned two decades and targeted vulnerable young black women in
the inner city.

7. A RESCUE AT SEA

A Colombian fisherman is back together with his wife and family after drifting
in the Pacific for two months.

8. A RESCUE ON LAND

Four people are found alive after being trapped for six days in the rubble of a
building that collapsed in heavy rains in the Kenyan capital.

9. DELAYS QUESTIONED IN AMBER ALERT FOR NAVAJO GIRL

Officials and tribal members are frustrated over the delay in an Amber Alert for
an 11-year-old girl who was abducted and killed, while others say issuing it
earlier would have made little difference.

10. WHY A TV CHARACTER KEPT CALLING HIMSELF A 'REALTOR'

On ABC's 'Modern Family,' Phil Dunphy explains the difference between a Realtor
and real estate agent - in a segment paid for by the Realtors association.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 2:03 AM GMT

House Speaker Paul Ryan refuses to back Donald Trump

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 790 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - House Speaker Paul Ryan is refusing to support Donald Trump as
the Republican nominee for president, insisting Thursday that the businessman
must do more to unify the GOP.

The surprise declaration from Ryan on CNN's "The Lead" amounted to a stunning
rebuke of Trump from the Republican Party's highest-ranking officeholder.

"I'm just not ready to do that at this point. I'm not there right now," the
Wisconsin Republican said. "And I hope to. And I want to, but I think what is
required is that we unify this party."

In a statement, Trump responded that he himself isn't ready to support Ryan's
agenda, either.

"Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what
is best for the American people," Trump said. "They have been treated so badly
for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first!"

Even in an election cycle that's exposed extreme and very public divisions
within the GOP, Ryan's decision to withhold his support from Trump was
remarkable, as the GOP's top elected leader, second in line to the presidency,
turned his back on his own party's presumptive nominee.

Ryan had maintained his silence since Trump effectively clinched the nomination
with a commanding win in Indiana on Tuesday that forced his two remaining rivals
from the race. Other Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Mitch
McConnell, offered their grudging support for Trump, and Ryan had seemed likely
to eventually do the same.

Instead he balked, in comments that could also reflect concern for his own
political future and potential run for president in 2020.

"We will need a standard-bearer that can unify all Republicans, all
conservatives, all wings of our party, and then go to the country with an
appealing agenda," Ryan said. "And we have work to do on this front, and I think
our nominee has to lead in that effort."

Ryan's announcement sent shockwaves through the Republican establishment.
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, who is close with the
speaker, got no advance warning before Ryan's comments were made public.

Later Thursday, Priebus said he had spoken to both men and expected them to work
out their differences. In an interview recorded for Fox News Channel's
"Hannity," he said Ryan and Trump "are meeting next week to talk about these
things."

The highly unusual salvos between the likely White House nominee and the House
speaker came at a moment when all involved would normally be turning from the
intraparty warfare of the primaries to unifying the party for November's
elections. Instead, the Republican Party remains asunder, with prospects for
coming together uncertain.

Ryan made clear he won't be supporting Hillary Clinton and wants to come around
to backing Trump. And he acknowledged the import of Trump's victories over a
field of some of the GOP's most experienced politicians, saying the mogul had
"tapped into something in this country that was very powerful. And people are
sending a message to Washington that we need to learn from and listen to."

Ryan, his party's 2012 vice presidential nominee, had been seen as a possible
"white knight" candidate who could emerge as an alternative to Trump at a
contested convention. He called a press conference last month to rule himself
out, and Trump now looks set to gather the 1,237 delegate votes needed to clinch
the nomination ahead of the July gathering in Cleveland, foreclosing the
contested convention scenario.

Ryan will serve as the convention's chairman, presiding over portions of the
proceedings that will elevate Trump to the official status of nominee.

With deep concerns about Trump at the top of the ticket, Ryan is positioning
himself to play a central role in helping to protect vulnerable Republican House
and Senate candidates heading into the general election, said Spencer Zwick,
Ryan's national finance chairman. Ryan has been working since becoming speaker
last fall on an "agenda project" that could give lawmakers something to run on
apart from the top of the ticket.

"Paul Ryan is the single most effective tool and person to maintain control of
the Senate and the House," said Zwick.

"He's focused on an agenda. He's constantly out there talking about his agenda,"
Zwick said, adding: "Many people aren't sure what the Trump agenda is yet."

Trump and Ryan have publicly clashed in the past. Ryan rebuked Trump for plans
to bar Muslims from the country, and when Trump was slow to disavow former Ku
Klux Klan leader David Duke. Trump told a crowd in South Carolina in February
that Ryan doomed the GOP presidential ticket four years ago by saying
entitlement programs need reform.

__

Associated Press writers Steve Peoples, Jill Colvin and Andrew Taylor
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 1:47 AM GMT

Trump strains to unite GOP behind him; Ryan says no, for now

BYLINE: By JONATHAN LEMIRE and JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump is struggling in his efforts to unify the
Republican Party behind his presidential campaign, the difficulty immediately
underscored Thursday by a startling exchange of negative comments with GOP House
Speaker Paul Ryan who said he was not ready to support him.

Although Trump is now the party's presumptive nominee, Ryan said Thursday: "I'm
just not ready to do that at this point. I'm not there right now." Still, he
added: "I hope to. And I want to," in comments on CNN's "The Lead."

Trump responded, in a statement released by his campaign, that he was "not ready
to support" Ryan's agenda as the party's leader in the U.S. House. "Perhaps in
the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for
the American people," he said.

Two days after the Indiana primary all but sealed Trump's victory as the man who
will lead the GOP ticket in November, he is appealing to big-money donors he
blasted during the primaries as he takes his first steps toward raising the
massive amounts of cash he'll need for the general election campaign.

That effort was hardly helped by the rejection - for now - by Ryan, the
Wisconsin congressman who was Mitt Romney's running mate in 2012. In addition,
Romney and former President George W. Bush said they do not plan to attend the
party's national convention in July.

Trump is aiming to broaden his primary insurgency into a full-fledged general
election campaign, reaching out to party heavyweights and trying to repair his
sometimes strained relationships with the Republican National Committee.

Upbeat still, Trump said in a brief interview with The Associated Press that his
message has made the GOP "the hottest party around."

His campaign is trying to convert that energy into dollars.

On Thursday, Trump named a finance chairman, Steven Mnuchin, a private investor
with ties to New York and Hollywood. Mnuchin "brings unprecedented experience
and expertise" to the fundraising operation, the campaign said.

And Trump is taking pains to reassure party leaders that he wants to help
Republican Senate and House candidates, some of whom are openly worried that
Trump at the top of the GOP ticket will be a drag on their own campaigns.

Earlier this week, Trump's final GOP foes, Ted Cruz and John Kasich, dropped
out, clearing his path. Still, many party leaders, including Ryan, Bush and
Romney, are keeping Trump at arm's length.

Their reluctance to embrace him sends an unmistakable signal to their
fundraising networks, which include most of the GOP's best-connected donors.

"You might have a lot of these donors sit on the sidelines," said Spencer Zwick,
who led Romney's fundraising efforts and now serves as Ryan's national finance
chairman.

Trump, a billionaire who paid for most of his primary campaign by himself,
acknowledges he would have to sell some of his holdings to muster the hundreds
of millions of dollars for a general election bid, something he says he doesn't
necessarily want to do.

He said Thursday he would be "putting up substantial money toward the general
election," following the $36 million in loans he previously made.

Yet he's also beginning to take a more traditional route for his likely battle
with Hillary Clinton, a Democratic fundraising powerhouse.

Mnuchin, who has never led a major political fundraising team, faces a
gargantuan task.

Many major GOP donors have never heard of him - or even know how to pronounce
his name (muh-NOO-chihn). Like his new boss Trump, Mnuchin has a record of
giving both to Republicans and Democrats - including Clinton during her 2008
presidential run.

Anthony Scaramucci, a New York investor and Republican donor, said Mnuchin, a
friend with homes in New York and California, has Wall Street and Hollywood ties
and "is a great team-builder." Scaramucci, who earlier raised money for failed
GOP candidates Scott Walker and Jeb Bush, said he plans to be part of that team.

Trump also hopes to tap into the RNC's existing fundraising network, but faces
hurdles.

"High-dollar donors need to be convinced that Trump is going to be a serious
candidate and won't embarrass them," said Charlie Spies, a veteran Republican
operative with deep ties to party fundraisers.

This is all new to Trump. Through the end of March, he had raised $12 million,
mostly from fans who clicked the "donate" button on his website or bought wares
such as the ubiquitous red ballcap emblazoned with his slogan, "Make America
Great Again," campaign finance documents show.

That contrasts with Clinton, who has raised some $187 million so far and back in
November began her general election fundraising effort, which can solicit huge
checks for her campaign, the Democratic National Committee and state parties.

Trump's lean campaign team will likely depend heavily on the Republican National
Committee as he shifts to the 50-state task ahead. The RNC is counting on him to
reciprocate by helping fund its nationwide data operation and staffing
expansion.

Trump will also name a transition team and a vice presidential search committee.
He told the AP he will announce his running mate choice at the July convention.

____

Bykowicz reported from Washington. Terry Spencer in West Palm Beach, Florida,
and Steve Peoples in Washington contributed reporting.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 6, 2016 Friday 1:32 AM GMT

Warning against Trump, Clinton urges Democrats to unite

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Hillary Clinton urged Democrats on Thursday to unite around
her candidacy as a way of fending off Republican Donald Trump, telling black
community leaders that her advantage over Bernie Sanders far outpaces the
deficit she faced in the 2008 primaries.

Campaigning ahead of California's June 7 primary, Clinton pointed to her lead of
more than 3 million votes and nearly 300 pledged delegates over Sanders. When
she was running against then-Sen. Barack Obama in 2008, Clinton said, they were
"neck and neck" in the popular vote but she eventually relented and campaigned
hard to elect him president.

"He was about 60 or so pledged delegates ahead, a much, much smaller margin than
what we see in this race. But I knew that he had won because it matters how many
delegates you have, whether it's 60 or 300," Clinton told supporters at the
California African American Museum.

Pointing to Trump as a "loose cannon we cannot afford," Clinton said in 2008 she
knew "that whatever differences we might have had in the campaign, they were
nothing compared to the differences between us and the Republicans. Now if that
were true in '08, that is true on steroids (today)."

Clinton and her advisers have avoided publicly urging the Vermont senator to
drop out of the race, saying he has the right to campaign until the end of the
primaries as she did in 2008. But her pointed comments in Los Angeles were the
closest she has come to suggesting Sanders should move on to allow Democrats to
concentrate on Trump, who became the presumptive GOP nominee this week after
Republicans Ted Cruz and John Kasich ended their campaigns.

Clinton was joined at the meeting with community leaders by Reps. Maxine Waters
and Karen Bass, who represent the Los Angeles area in Congress and are helping
her in the state's upcoming primary. Sanders has vowed to barnstorm the state in
hopes of winning a large trove of delegates here and has shown few signs of
stepping aside.

"As Maxine has said, we've got to work hard and win big here in the California
primary to get ready for the general election," Clinton said. "I will do
everything I can to unify the party. I did that when I pulled out in '08, as
some of you remember."

Later, during a raucous rally with Latino supporters in Monterey Park, Clinton
devoted much of her remarks to what a Trump presidency might mean for Hispanics.
She said Trump had "doubled down on his plan to create a deportation force to
round up millions of people" and would scrap Obama's immigration executive
orders and "finalize a design for a giant wall on the border."

"The best way to prevent that from happening is to make sure he never gets near
the White House," Clinton said. She was heckled by some protesters at the Cinco
de Mayo rally and a large group of protesters gathered outside the event at East
Los Angeles College.

Sanders won Tuesday's Indiana primary and is aiming to pull off a string of
victories against Clinton in upcoming contests in West Virginia, Kentucky and
Oregon. Helped by elected and party leaders called superdelegates, Clinton is
more than 90 percent of the way to clinching the nomination. But Democrats worry
that losses in the May primaries and in California, the nation's largest state,
might hurt her outlook against Trump.

She pushed for a show of force in California, telling the crowd, "I know winning
big in California will put us on the path to winning big in November."

__

On Twitter, follow Ken Thomas at https://twitter.com/kthomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 7, 2016 Saturday 10:28 PM GMT

Sanders nets 31 delegates in Washington, but loses in Guam

BYLINE: By HOPE YEN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has cut into
Hillary Clinton's lead by more than two dozen delegates, based on new data from
Washington state, but his chances of winning the nomination haven't gotten much
better. Clinton won the Guam caucus.

In Guam, the party said Clinton won 60 percent of the vote to earn four of the
seven delegates at stake. Sanders will pick up three delegates.

The Pacific island is one of five U.S. territories that casts votes in primaries
and caucuses to decide the nominee, even though those residents aren't eligible
to vote in November. Often overlooked, Guam this election cycle drew attention
from both the presidential candidates, who ran radio advertisements in a bid to
scoop up any possible delegate in the final stretch of primaries and caucuses.

Combined with some delegate gains in Washington state, Clinton now has more than
93 percent of the 2,383 delegates needed to clinch the nomination as she seeks
to look ahead to a November matchup against Republican Donald Trump. Sanders has
said he will take his delegate fight to the floor of the Democratic National
Convention in Philadelphia in July.

In Washington state, Sanders handily won the caucus on March 26, when the
Vermont senator won 25 of the 34 delegates awarded that day. An additional 67
district-level delegates could not be divided up until the state party could
produce vote data broken down by congressional district.

District-level data provided Saturday to The Associated Press show that Sanders
will pick up 49 of those delegates, while Clinton will receive 18.

The 67 district-level delegates from Washington had generated some debate on
social media, where Sanders supporters questioned why he had not yet received
any of those delegates in a state he won big. Like Iowa, Colorado and Maine,
Washington state has a multistep process for awarding delegates to the national
convention. It said it could not immediately generate the more detailed
information until its county conventions were complete on May 1.

Meanwhile, at Maine's state convention on Saturday, party officials said Sanders
ultimately gained one additional delegate - and Clinton lost one - after he
picked up additional support following the state's March 6 caucus.

Still, even with the additional delegates for Sanders, his mathematical chances
of winning the nomination haven't improved.

Based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton now has 1,705 delegates while
Sanders has 1,415 - or a lead of 290 delegates, according to the AP count.

If he hopes to overtake her based on just those primary and caucus delegates, he
still must win 66 percent of the remaining delegates - a figure unchanged from
before.

Clinton's lead is bigger when including superdelegates - party officials who can
support any candidate.

She now has a total of 2,228 delegates, or more than 93 percent of the 2,383
delegates needed to win. Sanders has 1,454.

Just 155 delegates short, Clinton remains on track to clinch the nomination
early next month.

___

Follow Hope Yen on Twitter at https://twitter.com/hopeyen1

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 7:30 PM GMT

Trump and Clinton among guests on Sunday news shows

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS; News Shows

LENGTH: 100 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows:

ABC's "This Week" - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

___

NBC's "Meet the Press" - Trump; Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz.

___

CBS' "Face the Nation" - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton; Matt
Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union; Russell Moore, president
of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist
Convention.

___

CNN's "State of the Union" - Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.; former Gov. Sarah Palin,
R-Alaska.

___

"Fox News Sunday" - Gov. Pat McCrory, R-N.C.; Trump adviser Paul Manafort.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 3:01 PM GMT

Filipino mayor draws huge crowd in show of force before vote

BYLINE: By TERESA CEROJANO and JIM GOMEZ, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 818 words

DATELINE: MANILA, Philippines


MANILA, Philippines (AP) - The outspoken city mayor who is the front-runner in
the Philippine presidential race drew the largest crowd Saturday as the
candidates held their final rallies, despite efforts by the president to block
his election bid over fears he could threaten the country's democracy.

After crisscrossing the archipelago nation, the five presidential candidates,
led by Mayor Rodrigo Duterte, converged in the vote-rich capital Manila as three
months of bruising campaigning came to an end ahead of Monday's election.

About 300,000 people turned up at Duterte's rally at a historic grandstand by
Manila Bay where presidential inaugurations have been held, according to an
initial police estimate. Crowds at the other candidates' gatherings were much
smaller based on police counts.

"All of you who are into drugs, you sons of bitches, I will really kill you,"
Duterte told the huge crowd, using his typically coarse style of speaking. He
said he would risk his life to fulfill a bold promise to end crime and
corruption within months if he wins.

"I have no patience, I have no middle ground, either you kill me or I will kill
you idiots," he said as the crowd cheered.

At the end of his speech, Duterte tried to shift from his crude demeanor,
promising that if he wins, "I'll be decent."

Duterte's jubilant allies declared that the election was all but decided.

Ronald Holmes, president of independent pollster Pulse Asia, however, said the
race, one of the most closely fought in the country's electoral history,
remained too tight to call.

Duterte's lead of 11 percentage points over former Interior Secretary Mar Roxas
and Sen. Grace Poe in Pulse Asia's final poll would be difficult to overtake,
but it can still be "wiped out" depending on sudden loyalty shifts by voters,
Holmes said by phone.

On the eve of the final day of campaigning, President Benigno Aquino III made a
desperate call on candidates to agree to an alliance to defeat the brash
Duterte, who has been likened to U.S. Republican presumptive presidential
nominee Donald Trump for his provocative remarks but has topped election polls.

Duterte's lead in the polls can be overcome if his trailing rivals - mainly
Roxas and Poe - join hands, Aquino said, implying that some of them should back
out and support a single aspirant.

Under the Philippine electoral system, a candidate who gets the most votes is
proclaimed the winner, even if no one gets a majority.

Poe, however, refused an invitation by Roxas, who is backed by Aquino, to meet
and discuss an arrangement where she would be forced to back out. Vice President
Jejomar Binay also said he would not step aside. Sen. Miriam Defensor-Santiago,
who has trailed far behind in the polls, said she would never surrender.

Duterte's camp said calls for an alliance against him "reeks of stench of
defeat."

"It's an admission that a victory by Mayor Rodrigo Duterte has virtually become
inevitable," said the mayor's national campaign manager, Leoncio Evasco Jr.

A longtime mayor of southern Davao city, Duterte, 71, courted controversy with
his profanity-laden speeches, vulgar jokes and devil-may-care irreverence, but
has successfully tapped into public insecurities with a bold promise to wipe out
crime and corruption in three to six months if he is elected.

The national police chief has doubted that campaign promise. Police have issued
statistics showing Davao city, where Duterte has served as mayor for more than
22 years, placed fourth among 15 major Philippine cities with the highest number
of crimes from 2010 to 2015.

"I thought he was like Batman and Superman combined," Aquino said sarcastically
of Duterte's anti-crime pledge.

Aquino, business executives and church leaders felt that Duterte crossed the
line when he joked about wanting to have been the first to rape an Australian
missionary who was gang-raped and brutally killed by inmates in a 1989 jail
riot.

When the Australian and U.S. ambassadors sniped at his joke, Duterte asked them
to shut up and expressed openness at the possibility of severing ties with major
Western allies if he wins the presidency. He also has threatened to close
Congress if lawmakers try to impeach him if he wins next week and has said he
would allow Marxist guerrillas to play a political role in his government.

Duterte also once cursed Pope Francis, who had caused a huge traffic jam during
a visit to Manila last year that trapped the mayor for hours. When stunned
bishops reacted, Duterte apologized.

A senator has threatened to immediately try to impeach Duterte if he becomes
president.

Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV has filed a corruption complaint alleging the mayor
hired nonexistent employees and kept a huge amount in a joint bank account with
his daughter that he did not declare publicly in 2014, as required by law.

Duterte denied any wrongdoing, but he and his camp initially issued differing
explanations that set off confusion.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 7, 2016 Saturday 12:55 PM GMT

How Clinton, Trump made their fortunes and spend them

BYLINE: By JEFF HORWITZ and STEPHEN BRAUN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - A look at the personal wealth portfolios of Democratic
presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican candidate Donald Trump,
how they earned their money over the years and the lifestyles they spend it on.

CLINTON:

Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, left the White House in
2000, a year that she later described as so financially perilous they were "dead
broke." The Clintons cited legal bills and other liabilities between $2 million
and nearly $11 million. But within just one year, according to tax and
disclosure records, they had wiped out all that debt, earning nearly $12
million. It was the start of an infusion of wealth that enriched the couple by
more than $200 million over 15 years - and nearly $140 million since 2007.

The Clintons leveraged public service, celebrity status, book-writing,
consulting and a whirlwind of lucrative speeches that took them across the
country and around the world on behalf of corporations, foundations, trade
groups and even some foreign governments.

Bill Clinton blended private appearances and consulting with his work promoting
the family's global charity, the Clinton Foundation. Hillary Clinton ran for the
presidency in 2008, lost to Barack Obama, became his secretary of state for four
years then joined her husband at the foundation and on the lecture circuit,
earning $22 million by herself in three years.

Their largesse has provided the trappings of a glamorous life.

The Clintons own well-appointed houses in the suburbs of New York and in the
nation's capital. They hold a sole mutual fund worth between $5 million and $25
million. They are regulars at Caribbean resorts and New York's exclusive
Hamptons beachfront.

Hillary Clinton's three-year speaking tours often came with premium travel -
flights on private jets, luxury "presidential" hotel suites and transportation
and accommodations for the retinue of loyal aides who traveled with her,
according to her contract demands.

___

TRUMP:

Though Trump's $10 billion estimate of his own fortune is viewed skeptically by
outside appraisers, he's a safe bet to be the wealthiest American ever to be the
presumptive nominee from a major political party, richer even than Republican
Mitt Romney. Just as surely: He won't let anyone forget it.

"I'm really rich," Trump said last June in announcing his presidency. Trump has
also made the entirely plausible claim last year that, "I have a Gucci store
that's worth more than Romney."

Trump has described himself as a largely self-made man who parlayed a $1 million
loan from his father into an empire worth billions. Trump's eventual inheritance
was far larger than that, however, and Trump relied on his father's loan
guarantees for his formative real estate and casino deals.

He came close to losing it all in the early 1990s, when personal guarantees of a
floundering casino and real estate empire put his fate in the hands of bankers
who had loaned him money. Even then, however, Trump maintained a remarkable
standard of living: The bankers gave him a $450,000-a-month allowance.

There's no such limit on Trump's spending these days. Living out of a
three-story penthouse atop the Trump Tower, he also owns residences in
California, Florida, Virginia and the Caribbean. Caviar, yachts, gold-plated
faucets, private jets and mansions with 126 rooms: If there's a public signifier
of wealth, it's a safe bet that Trump has associated himself with it.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sidebar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 7, 2016 Saturday 12:54 PM GMT

2016: A billionaire and millionaire in the year of populism

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW and CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 891 words

DATELINE: ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio


ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio (AP) - Pick a president: New York multimillionaire or New
York multibillionaire.

In Ohio River coal country, Nelson Travis says he begrudgingly will choose the
billionaire: real estate mogul Donald Trump. Nonetheless, Travis argues, neither
the presumptive Republican nominee nor Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton
gets people like him.

"They're both out of touch with people's everyday reality," the 64-year-old
Republican says, dismissing Clinton's talk of "breaking down barriers" and
Trump's "make America great again" motto.

The likely November rivals' personal portfolios don't exactly square with the
populist wave defining 2016.

Trump, a multimillionaire's son, is worth about $4.5 billion according to
Forbes, though he claims more. Forbes estimates Clinton to be worth about $45
million, a fortune built entirely since she and her husband, President Bill
Clinton, left the White House in 2001.

But the candidate who connects with the widest swath of "average Americans"
(median household income of about $54,000) will find the clearest path to the
Oval Office.

The connection will prove particularly important in Rust Belt, Great Lakes and
Midwestern states stretching from Pennsylvania to Iowa, where Democrats have
prevailed in recent presidential elections but by narrow enough margins to give
Trump hope.

"We are in a new age of economic populism," explains Dave "Mudcat" Saunders, a
Democratic strategist who helped craft John Edwards' "Two Americas" presidential
campaign in 2004. "People are hurting. They're mad, and they want somebody
who'll do something about it."

Trump and Clinton are addressing their personal wealth differently.

Unlike previous wealthy nominees, such as Republican Mitt Romney in 2012 and
Democrat John Kerry in 2004, Trump plays up - and boasts about - his riches.
Clinton is more likely to talk about her middle-class childhood than her current
accounts. She took heat for saying she and her husband were "flat broke" when
his second term ended, and she has struggled against her Democratic rival Bernie
Sanders, who has made income inequality his core issue.

Going into a general election matchup, Trump appears to have the upper hand with
the most frustrated voters. Throngs roar at his calls to build a wall at the
Mexican border, close all U.S. borders to noncitizen Muslims, and "bring back
the jobs" from China and Mexico. He promises to "take care of people" and not
cut Social Security or Medicare.

"Even though he's rich, and he's always been rich, he's just like Bob in the
country," says Terri Reschley, 62, of Indianola, Iowa.

Clinton offers a different style, though aimed at the same voters. She talks
about raising minimum wages, improving education and creating jobs, peppering
her remarks with anecdotes of people she meets campaigning. Clinton also speaks
of her mother's tough childhood and her small-businessman father's efforts to
"provide us with a middle-class life."

Although nearly a sure bet to clinch the Democratic nomination, she's still
being dogged by a rival who rails against the "millionaire and billionaire
class" embodied in Wall Street banks and a "corrupt" campaign finance system.
Sanders harangues Clinton as a prime offender.

Primary results aren't necessarily predictive of November outcomes, but the
divide was on display in Appalachia, where miners protested Clinton's statement
in March that "we're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of
business."

Clinton later said she misspoke. But in Kentucky, West Virginia and Ohio, many
residents heard a rejection of their way of life.

"I raised my family, and now my family is raising their families" on coal jobs,
said 59-year-old Ed Boston of Beallsville, Ohio. "I pack a bucket every day," he
said. "She doesn't even know what a bucket is. ... Anybody understands us better
than Hillary."

Clinton has called out Trump for relying on mass rallies instead of one-on-one
conversation with people. Her recent barb in Delaware: "If you want to be
president of the United States ... don't just fly that big jet in and land it
and go make a big speech and insult everybody you can think of, and then go
back, get on that big jet, and go back to your country club house in Florida or
your penthouse in New York."

And she's telling people that the biggest beneficiaries of Trump's tax proposals
are the wealthiest. The approach is working with voters such as Chira Corwin,
42, from Des Moines, Iowa, who said Clinton has "been in the field, so to speak,
working with people, as opposed to Trump, who has been a millionaire his whole
life."

Winning over voters in a populist mood is an inexact science, but a necessity.
Four years ago, President Barack Obama and Democrats painted Romney as wealthy
and out of step.

Trump's wealth could be a Democratic line of attack again, said Katie Packer, a
former Romney aide who now runs an anti-Trump political committee.

Packer cautioned, though, that Clinton is not the same messenger as Obama, who
was still paying off student loans when he stepped on the national stage.
"Nobody could say he didn't understand the problems of working people," Packer
said. "Clinton is somebody who hasn't driven her own car in three decades."

___

Lucey reported from Iowa. Follow Barrow and Lucey at
https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and https://twitter.com/Catherine_Lucey.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 7, 2016 Saturday 12:54 PM GMT

2016: A billionaire and millionaire in the year of populism

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW and CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1258 words

DATELINE: ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio


ST. CLAIRSVILLE, Ohio (AP) - Pick a president: New York multimillionaire or New
York multibillionaire.

In Ohio River coal country, retiree Nelson Travis says he begrudgingly will
choose the billionaire: Donald Trump. Nonetheless, Travis argues, neither the
presumptive Republican nominee nor Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton
actually gets people like him.

"They're both out of touch with people's everyday reality," the 64-year-old
Republican says, dismissing Clinton's talk of "breaking down barriers" and
Trump's "make America great again" motto.

The likely November rivals' personal portfolios don't exactly square with the
populist wave defining 2016.

Trump, lifelong New Yorker and multimillionaire's son, is worth about $4.5
billion according to Forbes, though he claims more. Forbes estimates Clinton to
be worth about $45 million, a fortune built entirely since she and her husband,
former President Bill Clinton, left the White House in 2001.

But the candidate who connects with the widest swath of "average Americans"
(median household income of about $54,000) will find the clearest path to the
Oval Office.

That connection will prove particularly important in Rust Belt, Great Lakes and
Midwestern states stretching from Pennsylvania to Iowa, where Democrats have
prevailed in recent presidential elections but by narrow enough margins to give
Trump hope.

"We are in a new age of economic populism," says Dave "Mudcat" Saunders, a
Democratic strategist who helped craft Democrat John Edwards' "Two Americas"
presidential campaign in 2004. "People are hurting. They're mad, and they want
somebody who'll do something about it."

Trump and Clinton are addressing their personal wealth differently.

Unlike previous wealthy nominees, such as Republican Mitt Romney in 2012 and
Democrat John Kerry in 2004, Trump plays up - and boasts about - his riches.
Clinton is more likely to talk about her middle-class childhood than her current
accounts. She took heat for saying she and her husband were "flat broke" when
his second term ended, and she has struggled against her Democratic rival Bernie
Sanders, who has made income inequality his core issue.

Going into a general election matchup, Trump appears to have the initial upper
hand with the most vocally frustrated voters, who powered him past a gaggle of
career politicians in the GOP primary. Throngs roar at his calls to build a wall
at the Mexican border, close all U.S. borders to noncitizen Muslims, and "bring
back the jobs" from China and Mexico. Atypical of Republicans, he promises to
"take care of people" and not cut Social Security or Medicare.

It's enough to convince Terri Reschley, 62, of Indianola in Iowa, a competitive
general-election state. "Even though he's rich, and he's always been rich, he's
just like Bob in the country," she says.

Clinton offers a more muted approach, not traditional populism, but aimed at the
same voters. She talks about raising minimum wages, improving education,
creating jobs, and lifting up working people. She peppers her remarks with
anecdotes of people she meets campaigning.

Though she's yet to contrast her biography with Trump, Clinton recalls her
father, who ran a small business, and her mother, who had a rough childhood.
She's spoken of her grandfather laboring in a Scranton, Pennsylvania, lace mill
and her father preaching "that if he scrimped and saved" he "could provide us
with a middle-class life."

Clinton also frames issues such as gun violence, police brutality and criminal
justice as matters of fundamental economic opportunity for urban and minority
communities, perhaps redefining populism in 2016 to include more than
traditional pitches to white voters.

Although nearly a sure bet to clinch the Democratic nomination, she's still
being dogged by Sanders, who rails against the "millionaire and billionaire
class" embodied in Wall Street banks and a "campaign finance system that is
corrupt." Setting the stage for Trump, Sanders harangues Clinton as a prime
offender.

Sanders consistently has topped Clinton in small towns and rural areas, while
Trump romps among Republicans from the same locales. Primary results aren't
necessarily predictive of November outcomes, but the divide was on display
recently in Appalachia, where Clinton was met by miners protesting her statement
in March that "we're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of
business."

Clinton said she chose the wrong words to explain wider market forces, such as
increasing consumer preference for solar energy, that reduce coal demand. But in
Kentucky, West Virginia and Ohio, many residents heard a rejection of their way
of life.

"I raised my family, and now my family is raising their families" on coal jobs,
said 59-year-old Ed Boston of Beallsville, Ohio. "I pack a bucket every day," he
said. "She doesn't even know what a bucket is. ... Anybody understands us better
than Hillary."

Clinton tried to turn the mistake to some advantage by pointing out that visited
the increasingly Republican region to listen to the people she had offended.
"Whether you vote for me or not," she said, "I will be your partner, and I will
not for one minute give up on Appalachia."

She also called out Trump for relying on mass rallies instead of one-on-one
conversation with people.

A recent barb in Delaware: "If you want to be president of the United States ...
don't just fly that big jet in and land it and go make a big speech and insult
everybody you can think of, and then go back, get on that big jet, and go back
to your country club house in Florida or your penthouse in New York."

She's also telling people that the biggest beneficiaries of Trump's tax
proposals are the wealthiest. The approach is working with voters such as Chira
Corwin, 42, from Des Moines, Iowa, who said Clinton has "been in the field, so
to speak, working with people, as opposed to Trump, who has been a millionaire
his whole life."

Winning over voters in a populist mood is an inexact science, but political
observers recognize it as a necessity. Four years ago, President Barack Obama
and Democrats painted Romney as out of step after he said his wife drove a
"couple of Cadillacs" and because he tried to make a $10,000 bet on a primary
debate stage.

In Democratic ads, Romney was criticized by workers who were laid off at
businesses taken over by the private equity firm he co-founded. He was
particularly hurt by a remark, captured on video at a private fundraiser, that
47 percent of voters don't pay income taxes and support Democrats because
they're dependent on public programs.

Republican consultant Katie Packer, a former Romney aide now running an anti-
Trump political committee, said it was tough for Romney to overcome that. Exit
polls in 2012 indicated that about one-fifth of the electorate gave priority to
choosing a president who "cares about people like me," and Obama won that group
81 percent to 18 percent for Romney. That was enough to help tip the popular
vote to Obama.

Trump's wealth, and how he built it, could be a Democratic line of attack again,
Packer said. But she cautioned that Clinton is not the same messenger as Obama,
who was still paying off student loans when he stepped onto the national stage
with a prominent speech at the 2004 convention. "Nobody could say he didn't
understand the problems of working people," Packer said. "Clinton is somebody
who hasn't driven her own car in three decades."

___

Lucey reported from Iowa. Follow Barrow and Lucey at
https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and https://twitter.com/Catherine_Lucey.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 6:46 AM GMT

Angsty conservatives licking wounds in Age of Trump

BYLINE: By NANCY BENAC, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 876 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - For a lot of angsty conservatives, there's more to worry about
than just Donald Trump. There's the future of the conservative movement to
consider.

The soul-searching over what to do with the Republican Party's presumptive
presidential nominee includes a broader debate over who gets to define
conservatism.

An Iowa talk show host on the right talks of conservatism going into "temporary
exile." A senator and self-described "movement conservative" still is casting
about for an alternative to Trump and expected Democratic nominee Hillary
Clinton. The head of a grassroots conservative group in Texas wishes he could
wake up from a dream and discover the Trump-as-nominee notion is nothing more
than the product of indigestion from a bad burrito.

"The conservative movement, a movement I have been proud to be a part of, has
been hijacked and twisted, and all the work we've done has been totally
reversed," lamentss RedState columnist Joe Cunningham.

The bitter irritation over Trump isn't just about ideology; there's ego in play,
too.

"There are certain conservatives who view themselves as the brains and
leadership of the movement who are somewhat offended that their call to action
to stop Trump failed," says Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative
Union, the oldest and largest conservative grassroots organization. "When they
told people to go in a certain direction, the people didn't follow. And so
there's a certain amount of ego and pride wrapped into the current state of
affairs."

For Schlapp, the answer to the what-now question is easy, although his
organization hasn't made an endorsement. He's ready to "strongly,
enthusiastically, full-throatedly" support Trump - given the Democratic
alternative.

"Look," he says, "Donald Trump is not on trial to determine whether or not he is
an award-winning conservative. It is a choice between Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton."

Further, says Schlapp, Republican voters didn't reject conservatism to vote for
Trump. They simply put a higher priority on Trump's shake-up-the-system message
than they did on evaluating how his positions jibe with their policy manuals.

Some glass-half-full types say conservatives need to stop the gloom-and-doom
over Trump, and use this as a teachable moment.

Michael Quinn Sullivan, head of the grassroots group Empower Texans, says
conservatives should be reflecting on how they underestimated the frustration of
the electorate and consider how they can do a better job of communicating with
the millions of first-time voters Trump is bringing into the system.

"A lot of folks on the elected side of the movement have been trying very hard
to keep the lid on top of the frustration and the angst and the anger, and when
it finally blows it gets a little messy," says Sullivan. "We need to be
encouraging some of our elected officials and some of our politicians and party
officials to be willing to let the steam off, and be willing to engage folks at
the level where they really are."

Sullivan adds that based on his conversations with Texas voters, Trump's early
supporters included plenty of frustrated conservative activists who decided, "I
know he may not be necessarily exactly one of us, but he's going to go burn the
place down. He's going to shake up the establishment."

For now, though, Sullivan is with House Speaker Paul Ryan - just not ready to
support Trump.

The speaker said Thursday: "Conservatives want to know, does he share our values
and our principles on limited government, the proper role of the executive,
adherence to the Constitution? There are a lot of questions that conservatives,
I think, are going to want answers to, myself included. "

Gregory Angelo, president of the Log Cabin Republicans, which advocates for LGBT
rights, says he hears from plenty of "died-in-the-wool conservatives who are
splintered right now in terms of where they're going."

"The wounds are still fresh, as it were, and I don't think people are going to
digest where we're headed until several months have gone by," says Angelo,
adding that his organization is "just as splintered and soul searching" as other
GOP groups.

Exit polling in the primaries found Trump doing less well with people who are
the most conservative.

Across all states so far where exit polling data is available, Trump voters
included 36 percent of those who are very conservative, 43 percent of those who
are somewhat conservative and 41 percent of moderates.

Count Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska among those who are most outspoken about the
conservative dilemma.

He used a Facebook post after Trump's last GOP rivals dropped out to hold out
hope for another option, saying he was willing to set aside "an ideological
purity test, because even a genuine consensus candidate would almost certainly
be more conservative than either of the two dishonest liberals now leading the
two national parties."

Syndicated talk show host Steve Deace in Iowa, in a column written for USA
Today, was even more cutting about how the GOP has failed conservatives.

"Conservatism's role in the 2016 election is now over while the idiocracy takes
it from here," he wrote.

___

AP News Survey Specialist Emily Swanson contributed to this report.

___

Follow Nancy Benac on Twitter at http://twitter.com/nbenac

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 5:33 AM GMT

The Latest: Trump calls Sen. Elizabeth Warren 'goofy'

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2218 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential campaign (all times
Eastern):

11:30 p.m.

Donald Trump is railing against Sen. Elizabeth Warren, calling the Massachusetts
Democrat "goofy."

Trump tells supporters in Eugene, Oregon, on Friday evening that his likely
rival, Hillary Clinton, has "got this goofy friend named Elizabeth Warren."

Trump is calling Warren a "goofus" and a "basket case," and says "she's done
nothing in the United States Senate."

Warren had earlier insulted Trump on Twitter, calling him "a bully who has a
single play in his playbook."

Trump's Twitter account responded with: "Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary
Clinton's flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native
American."

Warren faced questions about her Native American ancestry during her 2012 Senate
campaign after being listed as such at Harvard University.

__

10:15 p.m.

Sometimes pitched arguments are breaking out between protesters and supporters
of Donald Trump outside a rally in Eugene, Oregon, by the presumptive GOP
nominee.

Opponents of Trump are carrying signs with slogans like "Trump Hates Women" and
"Be American, Not Partisan," while Trump's supporters are shouting things like
"This Is Our Country!"

Eugene is the home of the University of Oregon and a city known for its
liberalism.

Trump launched his speech at the Lane Event Center by saying, "Eugene ... what a
great place."

__

9:30 p.m.

Former Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole is throwing his support behind
the party's presumptive candidate, Donald Trump.

The Trump campaign has released a statement in which Dole says: "The voters of
our country have turned out in record numbers to support Mr. Trump. It is
important that their votes be honored."

In the same release, Trump says the former Kansas senator "is a wonderful man
and it is a great honor to have his support."

Dole's endorsement comes as many Republican leaders, including House Speaker
Paul Ryan, have declined to endorse Trump.

Dole lost the 1996 presidential election to incumbent Democrat Bill Clinton.

__

8 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is telling supporters in Oakland, California, that Donald Trump
doesn't care much for women and immigrants.

Clinton says Trump is the GOP's "presumptive nominee" as well as its
"presumptuous nominee." She says he doesn't care about equal pay for women
"because he doesn't think much of women, it turns out."

She is also warning of Trump's plan to deport millions of immigrants living in
the country unlawfully, asking, "Can you imagine the police and military action
inside our borders?" She says the authorities would knock on doors, "hauling
people out of their beds and their workplaces."

The former secretary of state says she has offered a specific agenda but "we're
getting slogans and one-liners on the other side."

Clinton faces Bernie Sanders in California's primary on June 7.

__

6:19 p.m.

Donald Trump all but sealed up the Republican presidential nomination three days
ago, but he showed little interest in working to rally the party to his side at
an event on Friday in Nebraska.

Speaking in an airport hangar, Trump complained about South Carolina Sen.
Lindsey Graham's renewed criticisms and returned to criticizing former Florida
Gov. Jeb Bush, who has been out of the race for months.

Both men said Friday they could not support his candidacy.

Trump is also facing resistance from House Speaker Paul Ryan. He says he's not
yet ready to support Trump.

When Trump mentioned Ryan, boos echoed throughout the private air hangar near
the Omaha airport.

Trump says he figured Ryan would back his candidacy as a matter of routine. "I
don't know what happened," he says.

___

6:01 p.m.

Donald Trump is now encouraging his supporters to vote for him in Tuesday's
primaries, even though his Republican rivals have dropped out of the race for
president.

The presumptive GOP nominee kicked off a rally in Omaha, Nebraska, on Friday by
saying, "We have to go on Tuesday and vote because we're looking to break the
all-time record."

It was a change from Thursday night, when he told a crowd in West Virginia not
to bother and hold their votes until November. Both states hold their primaries
next Tuesday.

___

4:48 p.m.

Donald Trump is unloading on Lindsey Graham, calling the South Carolina senator
"beyond rehabilitation" and "an embarrassment" to his state.

A former campaign rival of the presumptive Republican presidential nominee,
Graham said in a CNN interview Friday that he can't support Trump's candidacy.

Trump responded with a scathing statement that mocked Graham's campaign loss.

He says: "I fully understand why Lindsey Graham cannot support me. If I got
beaten as badly as I beat him, and all the other candidates he endorsed, I would
not be able to give my support either. He was a poor representative and an
embarrassment to the great people of South Carolina."

Trump says he intends to unify the party, but Graham "has shown himself to be
beyond rehabilitation."

He adds, "And like the voters who rejected him, so will I!"

___

4:40 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is holding a fundraiser
to help Chris Christie pay off his own presidential campaign's debt and to raise
money for the New Jersey Republican Party.

The pair will appear at what is being billed as a "New Jersey rally" in
Lawrenceville, New Jersey, on May 19.

An email invitation to the event lists the price of attendance as $200 per
person. It says all proceeds will benefit Chris Christie for President Inc.

Christie confidant and Republican National Committeeman Bill Palatucci says
Trump will also be appearing at a separate event in the same venue benefiting
the state party. He says those tickets will cost $25,000.

The New Jersey governor was one of Trump's earliest and most prominent backers
and has appeared frequently with him on the campaign trail.

Christie ended his campaign following a disappointing showing in the New
Hampshire primary. His campaign account was $250,000 in the red at the end of
March.

___

4:37 p.m.

Former Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush says he won't vote for Donald
Trump this November - and won't cast his ballot for Hillary Clinton, either.

Bush says on Facebook that Trump has not demonstrated the temperament or
strength of character needed to serve as president. Of Clinton, he says the
former secretary of state is untrustworthy.

He adds that he's not optimistic either candidate will put the country on a
better course. He says he plans to "support principled conservatives at the
state and federal levels" this fall.

The former two-term governor of Florida was an early front-runner for the
Republican nomination, raising staggering sums of money to support his bid.

But he never caught on with voters in the same way as Trump, who often mocked
the brother and son of former presidents as "low energy."

___

3:15 p.m.

With only one candidate left in the race, delegates to the Republican national
convention are starting to rally around billionaire businessman Donald Trump - a
few at a time.

All nine delegates from the U.S. territory of American Samoa have voted to back
Trump. Trump has also picked up seven delegates in Louisiana. Five had been
pledged to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, and two were uncommitted.

In a statement, the Rubio delegates from Louisiana say Trump may not have been
their first choice, but he is the choice of millions of voters.

After Trump won the Indiana primary Tuesday, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov.
John Kasich suspended their campaigns.

With 1,086 delegates, Trump has 86 percent of the delegates needed to clinch the
nomination.

___

1:55 p.m.

Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham says he won't support presumptive GOP
presidential nominee Donald Trump.

The South Carolina senator and former White House hopeful says in a statement he
doesn't believe Trump is a "reliable Republican conservative nor has he
displayed the judgment and temperament to serve as commander in chief."

Graham said he won't support Democrat Hillary Clinton either. He said she
represents a third term for President Barack Obama.

The senator says he will help to elect down-ballot Republicans and urges people
to vote this year. He says no matter what, he will do everything he can to help
the next president.

Graham has no plans to attend the Republican convention in Cleveland in July.

___

1:10 p.m.

President Barack Obama isn't ready to urge Sen. Bernie Sanders to get out of the
Democratic primary, but he suggested the Vermont senator's prospects are slim.

Asked whether he think Sanders should call it quits, Obama says, "Let's let the
process play itself out." But he added, "I think everybody knows what the math
is." He said Sanders has done an "extraordinary job" of raising important
issues.

Rival Hillary Clinton holds a sizable lead over Sanders with more than 300
pledged delegates and has received about 3 million more votes than Sanders
during the primaries. Including superdelegates, Clinton is more than 90 percent
of the way to clinching the nomination.

Obama has said he plans to campaign hard for the nominee, once the party has
rallied around a single candidate.

___

1:05 p.m.

President Barack Obama says "you have to ask (Paul) Ryan" what it means for the
Republican Party that the House speaker won't swing behind Donald Trump as the
GOP's presumptive nominee.

Obama says Republican officials and voters will have to decide for themselves
whether they feel comfortable with Trump as their representative.

Ryan, in a televised interview Thursday, said he was not yet ready to support
Trump as the GOP nominee.

___

12:45 p.m.

In his first remarks about Donald Trump's presumptive nominee status, President
Barack Obama has a message for the media: "This is not entertainment. This is
not a reality show."

Obama is urging reporters to take Trump seriously and vet him thoroughly. At a
brief news conference at the White House on Friday, Obama told reporters to
scrutinize the candidates closely, to fact check their policies and to hold them
to their past statements.

He says, "emphasizing the spectacle and the circus, that's not something we can
afford."

Obama says if reporters do their job and people are well informed "I'm confident
our democracy will work."

Asked about Trump's taco bowl tweet Thursday saying "I love Hispanics," Obama
said he wouldn't comment on Trump's twitter feed.

___

11 a.m.

Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is threatening a floor fight
over rules and platform planks at the party's summer convention if the
Democratic National Committee stacks the committees with supporters of Hillary
Clinton.

Sanders writes in a letter to Democratic National Committee chair Debbie
Wasserman Schultz that the makeup of the standing committees should reflect the
level of support that he and Clinton received in the primaries and caucuses.

He says many of his supporters have not been included and notes Connecticut Gov.
Dannel Malloy will be in charge of the convention's platform committee and
former Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank will run the rules committee. He calls
both "aggressive attack surrogates" for Clinton.

Sanders says if the process is unfair, he'll challenge platform planks,
electoral reform planks and rules changes.

___

9 a.m.

The Republican party chairman says he supports Donald Trump as the party's
presidential nominee. Reince Priebus is breaking with House Speaker Paul Ryan,
who said Thursday he's not ready to back Trump.

Priebus says he backs Trump even if he disagrees with ideas like banning Muslims
from entering the U.S.

The chairman says a meeting next week will help the party start to unify behind
Trump. He says Ryan is "just being honest," that Ryan is "not there yet, but he
wants to get there."

Priebus says it will take some time for some people to work through their
differences with Trump.

___

8:45 a.m.

Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump says Britain is "better off
without" the European Union.

That's in contrast with President Barack Obama, who has cautioned British voters
against leaving the EU. Britain will vote June 23 on whether to remain in the
28-nation bloc.

"I would say that they're better off without it, personally," Trump told Fox
News on Wednesday.

"But I'm not making that as a recommendation, just my feeling. I know Great
Britain very well. I know, you know, the country very well. I have a lot of
investments there. I would say that they're better off without it. But I want
them to make their own decisions."

Trump said the migration crisis "has been a horrible thing for Europe; a lot of
that was pushed by the EU."

___

8:20 a.m.

Former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson says he was "personally very
disappointed" to hear House Speaker Paul Ryan withhold his support for Donald
Trump as the Republican presidential nominee.

Carson tells MSNBC's "Morning Joe" show that "if we divide the party, we ensure
the victory of the opposite party. And we've got to be more mature than that."

Carson, who is helping Trump decide on a vice presidential running mate, said
Friday: "I hope Speaker Ryan and many others, as time goes on, realizes that."

On the vice presidential selection, Carson told an interviewer that if there's a
Democrat who subscribes to the Republican Party's beliefs, "let me know."

"This is such an important position," Carson added. "You don't want to exclude
anybody just on the basis of one characteristic."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 5:06 AM GMT

Trump lauds supporters, criticizes Republicans and Democrats

BYLINE: By THOMAS BEAUMONT and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: OMAHA, Neb.


OMAHA, Neb. (AP) - Donald Trump seems more interested in running up the score
than projecting unity.

The billionaire mogul on Friday urged his Nebraska supporters to help him break
the record for most votes in a Republican primary by turning out to vote
Tuesday, but he made little mention of uniting the party behind him now that
he's his party's presumptive presidential nominee.

"We have to go on Tuesday and vote because we're looking to break the all-time
record," Trump said as he kicked off a rally in a private air hangar near the
Omaha airport. "We want to create such a record like they haven't had before."

The request marked a change from Thursday night, when Trump told supporters in
West Virginia to not bother casting primary ballots and to wait until the
general election in November because he'd already effectively won the GOP
presidential nomination.

Nebraska and West Virginia both hold their primaries May 10.

Trump and has been working behind the scenes to try to unite a fractured party
behind his candidacy. But you never would have known it from the rally in Omaha
and a later gathering of supporters in Eugene, Oregon.

Instead of offering a look ahead, Trump spent a good deal of time talking about
contests he'd already won, ticking them off one after the other. He also lashed
out at two former Republican rivals, complaining about South Carolina Sen.
Lindsey Graham's renewed criticisms and slamming former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush,
who has been out of the race months. Both Graham and Bush said Friday they won't
vote for Trump.

When Trump did get around to his likely Democratic opponent, front-runner
Hillary Clinton, he barely mentioned her in Omaha beyond calling her "crooked
Hillary." In Eugene, however, he brought up her husband's infidelities for the
first time since he became his party's presumptive nominee and dismissed her
criticism of how he treated women.

"Bill Clinton was the worst in history and I have to listen to her talking about
it?" said Trump as he spoke at a Friday night rally. "Just remember this: She
was an unbelievably nasty, mean enabler. And what she did to a lot of those
women is disgraceful. So put that in her bonnet and let's see what happens."

The GOP candidate also railed against other prominent Democratic women,
including Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who had labeled him a bully on
Twitter earlier in the day. "She's on a Twitter rant. She's a goofus, she is a
goofus." Trump said. "Her whole career is a fraud."

Trump is facing deep resistance from some wings of his party, including from
House Speaker Paul Ryan, who says he's not yet ready to support Trump.

When Trump mentioned Ryan in Omaha, boos echoed throughout the private air
hangar.

"Paul Ryan? I don't know what happened. He called me two, three weeks ago. It
was a very nice conversation," Trump said. "I figured - routinely - he'd be
behind it. And the other day he just did a big surprise."

The slight comes as Trump's team is working frantically to pivot to a general
election. Trump's advisers have begun conversations with the Republican National
Committee on coordinating fundraising and tapping the committee's extensive
voter data file and nationwide get-out-the-vote operation.

Trump has also said he intends to begin fundraising for the party and the
general election and appears to be moving forward with those plans. News emerged
Friday that Trump will be holding a fundraiser later this month to help New
Jersey Gov. Chris Christie pay off his own presidential campaign's debt and to
raise money for that state's Republican Party.

According to an emailed invitation, Trump will appear with Christie at what is
being billed as a "New Jersey rally" in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, on May 19.

The price of attendance is listed as $200 per person, according to an
invitation, which says all proceeds will benefit Chris Christie for President
Inc.

Trump will also be appearing at a separate event at the same venue benefiting
the New Jersey Republican Party, said Christie confidant and Republican National
Committeeman Bill Palatucci. Tickets to that will go for $25,000, Palatucci
said.

Christie was one of Trump's earliest and most prominent backers and has appeared
frequently with him on the campaign trail.

Christie ended his own campaign following a disappointing showing in the New
Hampshire primary. His campaign account was about $250,000 in the red at the end
of March, according to federal campaign finance filings.

__

Colvin reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 3:46 AM GMT

The Latest: Trump calls Sen. Elizabeth Warren 'goofy'

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2339 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential campaign (all times
Eastern):

11:30 p.m.

Donald Trump is railing against Sen. Elizabeth Warren, calling the Massachusetts
Democrat "goofy."

Trump tells supporters in Eugene, Oregon, on Friday evening that his likely
rival, Hillary Clinton, has "got this goofy friend named Elizabeth Warren."

Trump is calling Warren a "goofus" and a "basket case," and says "she's done
nothing in the United States Senate."

Warren had earlier insulted Trump on Twitter, calling him "a bully who has a
single play in his playbook."

Trump's Twitter account responded with: "Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary
Clinton's flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native
American."

Warren faced questions about her Native American ancestry during her 2012 Senate
campaign after being listed as such at Harvard University.

__

11 p.m.

Donald Trump is railing against Elizabeth Warren, calling the Massachusetts
senator "goofy" online and at a rally.

Trump tells supporters in Oregon on Friday evening that his likely rival,
Hillary Clinton, has "got his goofy friend named Elizabeth Warren."

"She's on a twitter run. She's s a goofus, she's a goofus," he says. "You ever
see her? I mean, this women, she's a basket base. By the way, she's done nothing
in the United States Senate. She's done nothing." he says.

Warren had earlier insulted Trump on Twitter, calling him "a bully who has a
single play in his playbook."

He tweets, "Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton's flunky, has a career that
is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American."

__

10:15 p.m.

Sometimes pitched arguments are breaking out between protesters and supporters
of Donald Trump outside a rally in Eugene, Oregon, by the presumptive GOP
nominee.

Opponents of Trump are carrying signs with slogans like "Trump Hates Women" and
"Be American, Not Partisan," while Trump's supporters are shouting things like
"This Is Our Country!"

Eugene is the home of the University of Oregon and a city known for its
liberalism.

Trump launched his speech at the Lane Event Center by saying, "Eugene ... what a
great place."

__

9:30 p.m.

Former Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole is throwing his support behind
the party's presumptive candidate, Donald Trump.

The Trump campaign has released a statement in which Dole says: "The voters of
our country have turned out in record numbers to support Mr. Trump. It is
important that their votes be honored."

In the same release, Trump says the former Kansas senator "is a wonderful man
and it is a great honor to have his support."

Dole's endorsement comes as many Republican leaders, including House Speaker
Paul Ryan, have declined to endorse Trump.

Dole lost the 1996 presidential election to incumbent Democrat Bill Clinton.

__

8 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is telling supporters in Oakland, California, that Donald Trump
doesn't care much for women and immigrants.

Clinton says Trump is the GOP's "presumptive nominee" as well as its
"presumptuous nominee." She says he doesn't care about equal pay for women
"because he doesn't think much of women, it turns out."

She is also warning of Trump's plan to deport millions of immigrants living in
the country unlawfully, asking, "Can you imagine the police and military action
inside our borders?" She says the authorities would knock on doors, "hauling
people out of their beds and their workplaces."

The former secretary of state says she has offered a specific agenda but "we're
getting slogans and one-liners on the other side."

Clinton faces Bernie Sanders in California's primary on June 7.

__

6:19 p.m.

Donald Trump all but sealed up the Republican presidential nomination three days
ago, but he showed little interest in working to rally the party to his side at
an event on Friday in Nebraska.

Speaking in an airport hangar, Trump complained about South Carolina Sen.
Lindsey Graham's renewed criticisms and returned to criticizing former Florida
Gov. Jeb Bush, who has been out of the race for months.

Both men said Friday they could not support his candidacy.

Trump is also facing resistance from House Speaker Paul Ryan. He says he's not
yet ready to support Trump.

When Trump mentioned Ryan, boos echoed throughout the private air hangar near
the Omaha airport.

Trump says he figured Ryan would back his candidacy as a matter of routine. "I
don't know what happened," he says.

___

6:01 p.m.

Donald Trump is now encouraging his supporters to vote for him in Tuesday's
primaries, even though his Republican rivals have dropped out of the race for
president.

The presumptive GOP nominee kicked off a rally in Omaha, Nebraska, on Friday by
saying, "We have to go on Tuesday and vote because we're looking to break the
all-time record."

It was a change from Thursday night, when he told a crowd in West Virginia not
to bother and hold their votes until November. Both states hold their primaries
next Tuesday.

___

4:48 p.m.

Donald Trump is unloading on Lindsey Graham, calling the South Carolina senator
"beyond rehabilitation" and "an embarrassment" to his state.

A former campaign rival of the presumptive Republican presidential nominee,
Graham said in a CNN interview Friday that he can't support Trump's candidacy.

Trump responded with a scathing statement that mocked Graham's campaign loss.

He says: "I fully understand why Lindsey Graham cannot support me. If I got
beaten as badly as I beat him, and all the other candidates he endorsed, I would
not be able to give my support either. He was a poor representative and an
embarrassment to the great people of South Carolina."

Trump says he intends to unify the party, but Graham "has shown himself to be
beyond rehabilitation."

He adds, "And like the voters who rejected him, so will I!"

___

4:40 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is holding a fundraiser
to help Chris Christie pay off his own presidential campaign's debt and to raise
money for the New Jersey Republican Party.

The pair will appear at what is being billed as a "New Jersey rally" in
Lawrenceville, New Jersey, on May 19.

An email invitation to the event lists the price of attendance as $200 per
person. It says all proceeds will benefit Chris Christie for President Inc.

Christie confidant and Republican National Committeeman Bill Palatucci says
Trump will also be appearing at a separate event in the same venue benefiting
the state party. He says those tickets will cost $25,000.

The New Jersey governor was one of Trump's earliest and most prominent backers
and has appeared frequently with him on the campaign trail.

Christie ended his campaign following a disappointing showing in the New
Hampshire primary. His campaign account was $250,000 in the red at the end of
March.

___

4:37 p.m.

Former Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush says he won't vote for Donald
Trump this November - and won't cast his ballot for Hillary Clinton, either.

Bush says on Facebook that Trump has not demonstrated the temperament or
strength of character needed to serve as president. Of Clinton, he says the
former secretary of state is untrustworthy.

He adds that he's not optimistic either candidate will put the country on a
better course. He says he plans to "support principled conservatives at the
state and federal levels" this fall.

The former two-term governor of Florida was an early front-runner for the
Republican nomination, raising staggering sums of money to support his bid.

But he never caught on with voters in the same way as Trump, who often mocked
the brother and son of former presidents as "low energy."

___

3:15 p.m.

With only one candidate left in the race, delegates to the Republican national
convention are starting to rally around billionaire businessman Donald Trump - a
few at a time.

All nine delegates from the U.S. territory of American Samoa have voted to back
Trump. Trump has also picked up seven delegates in Louisiana. Five had been
pledged to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, and two were uncommitted.

In a statement, the Rubio delegates from Louisiana say Trump may not have been
their first choice, but he is the choice of millions of voters.

After Trump won the Indiana primary Tuesday, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov.
John Kasich suspended their campaigns.

With 1,086 delegates, Trump has 86 percent of the delegates needed to clinch the
nomination.

___

1:55 p.m.

Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham says he won't support presumptive GOP
presidential nominee Donald Trump.

The South Carolina senator and former White House hopeful says in a statement he
doesn't believe Trump is a "reliable Republican conservative nor has he
displayed the judgment and temperament to serve as commander in chief."

Graham said he won't support Democrat Hillary Clinton either. He said she
represents a third term for President Barack Obama.

The senator says he will help to elect down-ballot Republicans and urges people
to vote this year. He says no matter what, he will do everything he can to help
the next president.

Graham has no plans to attend the Republican convention in Cleveland in July.

___

1:10 p.m.

President Barack Obama isn't ready to urge Sen. Bernie Sanders to get out of the
Democratic primary, but he suggested the Vermont senator's prospects are slim.

Asked whether he think Sanders should call it quits, Obama says, "Let's let the
process play itself out." But he added, "I think everybody knows what the math
is." He said Sanders has done an "extraordinary job" of raising important
issues.

Rival Hillary Clinton holds a sizable lead over Sanders with more than 300
pledged delegates and has received about 3 million more votes than Sanders
during the primaries. Including superdelegates, Clinton is more than 90 percent
of the way to clinching the nomination.

Obama has said he plans to campaign hard for the nominee, once the party has
rallied around a single candidate.

___

1:05 p.m.

President Barack Obama says "you have to ask (Paul) Ryan" what it means for the
Republican Party that the House speaker won't swing behind Donald Trump as the
GOP's presumptive nominee.

Obama says Republican officials and voters will have to decide for themselves
whether they feel comfortable with Trump as their representative.

Ryan, in a televised interview Thursday, said he was not yet ready to support
Trump as the GOP nominee.

___

12:45 p.m.

In his first remarks about Donald Trump's presumptive nominee status, President
Barack Obama has a message for the media: "This is not entertainment. This is
not a reality show."

Obama is urging reporters to take Trump seriously and vet him thoroughly. At a
brief news conference at the White House on Friday, Obama told reporters to
scrutinize the candidates closely, to fact check their policies and to hold them
to their past statements.

He says, "emphasizing the spectacle and the circus, that's not something we can
afford."

Obama says if reporters do their job and people are well informed "I'm confident
our democracy will work."

Asked about Trump's taco bowl tweet Thursday saying "I love Hispanics," Obama
said he wouldn't comment on Trump's twitter feed.

___

11 a.m.

Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is threatening a floor fight
over rules and platform planks at the party's summer convention if the
Democratic National Committee stacks the committees with supporters of Hillary
Clinton.

Sanders writes in a letter to Democratic National Committee chair Debbie
Wasserman Schultz that the makeup of the standing committees should reflect the
level of support that he and Clinton received in the primaries and caucuses.

He says many of his supporters have not been included and notes Connecticut Gov.
Dannel Malloy will be in charge of the convention's platform committee and
former Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank will run the rules committee. He calls
both "aggressive attack surrogates" for Clinton.

Sanders says if the process is unfair, he'll challenge platform planks,
electoral reform planks and rules changes.

___

9 a.m.

The Republican party chairman says he supports Donald Trump as the party's
presidential nominee. Reince Priebus is breaking with House Speaker Paul Ryan,
who said Thursday he's not ready to back Trump.

Priebus says he backs Trump even if he disagrees with ideas like banning Muslims
from entering the U.S.

The chairman says a meeting next week will help the party start to unify behind
Trump. He says Ryan is "just being honest," that Ryan is "not there yet, but he
wants to get there."

Priebus says it will take some time for some people to work through their
differences with Trump.

___

8:45 a.m.

Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump says Britain is "better off
without" the European Union.

That's in contrast with President Barack Obama, who has cautioned British voters
against leaving the EU. Britain will vote June 23 on whether to remain in the
28-nation bloc.

"I would say that they're better off without it, personally," Trump told Fox
News on Wednesday.

"But I'm not making that as a recommendation, just my feeling. I know Great
Britain very well. I know, you know, the country very well. I have a lot of
investments there. I would say that they're better off without it. But I want
them to make their own decisions."

Trump said the migration crisis "has been a horrible thing for Europe; a lot of
that was pushed by the EU."

___

8:20 a.m.

Former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson says he was "personally very
disappointed" to hear House Speaker Paul Ryan withhold his support for Donald
Trump as the Republican presidential nominee.

Carson tells MSNBC's "Morning Joe" show that "if we divide the party, we ensure
the victory of the opposite party. And we've got to be more mature than that."

Carson, who is helping Trump decide on a vice presidential running mate, said
Friday: "I hope Speaker Ryan and many others, as time goes on, realizes that."

On the vice presidential selection, Carson told an interviewer that if there's a
Democrat who subscribes to the Republican Party's beliefs, "let me know."

"This is such an important position," Carson added. "You don't want to exclude
anybody just on the basis of one characteristic."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2002 words


More big-name Republicans abandon Trump; he just shrugs

WASHINGTON (AP) - Big-name GOP leaders piled on Friday against Donald Trump in
an extraordinary show of Republican-vs.-Republican discontent over his winning
the party's presidential nomination. Trump just shrugged it off, declaring they
didn't really matter when compared to all the voters who turned out to vote for
him in this year's primary elections.

Trump grudgingly agreed to meet next week with Paul Ryan, the Republican House
speaker whose statement a day earlier - he said he was not ready to embrace
Trump's nomination - set off the intraparty fireworks. Trump said he had "no
idea" if they would patch things up and it wasn't all that important anyway.

"The thing that matters most are the millions of people that have come out to
vote for me and give me a landslide victory in almost every state," Trump said
moments after Ryan, the nation's highest-ranking Republican officeholder,
announced their planned meeting.

Later in the day, two of Trump's vanquished GOP rivals, former Florida Gov. Jeb
Bush and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, said they would not vote for him in
November. That was a startling rejection by party leaders.

Trump said of Ryan's stance: "I figured, routinely, he would be behind me. The
other day, he pulled a big surprise."

___

Trump to face trial after election in Trump University suit

SAN DIEGO (AP) - Donald Trump will go to trial in a class-action lawsuit against
him and his now-defunct Trump University after the presidential election but
before the inauguration, setting the stage for a president-elect to take the
witness stand if he wins the White House.

U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel on Friday scheduled trial for Nov. 28 in the
suit that alleges people who paid up to $35,000 for real estate seminars got
defrauded. The likely Republican nominee planned to attend most, if not all, of
the trial and would testify, Trump attorney Daniel Petrocelli said.

"He has very, very strong feelings about this case," Petrocelli told reporters.

Petrocelli asked for a trial after Inauguration Day on Jan. 20, but the judge
raised concerns about distractions if Trump wins the election. The attorney said
the period between the election and swearing-in is extremely hectic for a
president-elect but that it was preferable to holding a trial during the
campaign.

The lawsuit is one of three that accuse Trump University of fleecing students
with unfulfilled promises to teach secrets of success in real estate.

___

Police: Federal officer in custody after 3 fatal shootings

SILVER SPRING, Md. (AP) - A federal security officer suspected in three fatal
shootings outside a high school, a mall and a supermarket in the Washington,
D.C., area was arrested Friday, police said. Three people were also wounded in
the shootings.

Eulalio Tordil, an employee of the Federal Protective Service, which provides
security at federal properties, was taken into custody without incident near the
supermarket, the scene of the last shooting, authorities said. The brief manhunt
and seemingly indiscriminate shootings rekindled fears of the D.C. sniper in
2002, which paralyzed the nation's capital and its suburbs.

Plainclothes officers trailed Tordil for an hour, watching him walk from store
to store at a shopping center as they waited for the right time to arrest him.
He had earlier threatened to "commit suicide by cop" and authorities wanted to
make sure the public was safe when he was arrested.

"Knowing his behavior today, knowing of statements he made in the past, we did
not want to endanger anyone and have a shootout when we took him into custody
and that's why he was taken into custody the way he was," Montgomery County
Police Chief Thomas Manger said.

Tordil was put on administrative duties in March after a protective order was
issued against him when his wife said he had threatened to harm her if she left
him, The Washington Post reported (http://wapo.st/1WOrwyg ). Tordil subjected
their children to "intense-military-like discipline," like pushups and detention
in a dark closet, according to the order.

___

Wildfire evacuees glimpse burned out city on way south

EDMONTON, Alberta (AP) - Displaced residents at oil field camps north of Fort
McMurray, Alberta got a sobering drive-by view of their burned out city Friday
in a convoy that moved evacuees south amid a massive wildfire that officials
fear could double in size by the end of Saturday.

As police and military oversaw the procession of hundreds of vehicles, a mass
airlift of evacuees also resumed. A day after 8,000 people were flown out,
authorities said 5,500 more were expected to be evacuated by the end of Friday
and another 4,000 on Saturday.

More than 80,000 people have left Fort McMurray in the heart of Canada' oil
sands, where the fire has torched 1,600 homes and other buildings. The mass
evacuation forced as much as a quarter of Canada's oil output offline according
to estimates and is expected to impact a country already hurt by a dramatic fall
in the price of oil.

About 1,200 vehicles had passed through Fort McMurray by late Friday afternoon
despite a one-hour interruption due to heavy smoke, authorities said.

Jim Dunstan was in the convoy with his wife, Tracy, and two young sons. "It was
shocking to see the damaged cars all burned on the side of the road. It made you
feel lucky to get out of there," he said.

___

Labour's Sadiq Khan elected 1st Muslim London mayor

LONDON (AP) - Sadiq Khan became London's first Muslim mayor Saturday, as voters
rejected attempts to taint him with links to extremism and handed a decisive
victory to the bus driver's son from south London.

Khan hailed his victory as the triumph of "hope over fear and unity over
division."

His victory was the most dramatic result in local and regional elections that
produced few big changes but underscored Britain's political divisions ahead of
a referendum on whether to remain in the European Union.

Labour Party candidate Khan received more than 1.3 million votes - 57 percent of
the total - to Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith's 43 percent, after voters'
first and second preferences were allocated.

Turnout was 45.6 percent, up from 38 percent in 2012.

___

A pregnant woman walks into a bar: You must serve her in NYC

NEW YORK (AP) - A pregnant woman shows up at a New York City bar and wants to go
in and order a drink despite health warnings against consuming alcohol while
expecting. Should the tavern serve her?

It's against the law to refuse, under city Human Rights Commission guidelines
released Friday. They center on expansive protections for pregnant workers but
also say mothers-to-be can't be kept out of bars or denied alcoholic drinks just
because they're expecting.

"Judgments and stereotypes about how pregnant individuals should behave, their
physical capabilities and what is or is not healthy for a fetus are pervasive in
our society and cannot be used as pretext for unlawful discriminatory decisions"
in public venues, the new guidelines say.

With that, the city is squarely taking on a touchy subject that stirs conflicted
feelings about pregnancy and personal autonomy. It also has sparked at least one
complaint: The commission is looking into a case concerning a pregnant woman
denied entry to a bar or club, said Lauren Elfant, an agency lawyer. She
wouldn't give more detail because the case is open.

Some pregnant women who haven't been refused service say they've felt awkward
nonetheless - when a server asks how many glasses to bring with a shared bottle
of wine, for example.

___

11-year-old's slaying spreads grief far beyond Navajo Nation

FARMINGTON, N.M. (AP) - She was a budding musician and talented artist, a girl
whose death at the hands of a man who authorities say lured her into his van
spread grief far beyond her home on the Navajo Nation.

More than 3,000 people turned out Friday for Ashlynne Mike's funeral in
Farmington, New Mexico, weeping as images of the 11-year-old girl were displayed
overhead and the sounds of her xylophone rang out in the auditorium. A headstone
created for her grave read "our little angel in heaven."

The crowd far outnumbered the community of Lower Fruitland, where Ashlynne was
raised with her father and siblings. Entire families, hugging each other and
their children, sat before her small white coffin. Many wore yellow T-shirts.
Navajo Nation Council Speaker LoRenzo Bates said yellow represents hope,
strength and resilience, and it was one of her favorite colors.

New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez called on the mourners to carry on the kindness
Ashlynne showed the world.

"I cannot imagine the pain Ashlynne's loved ones feel right now," the governor
said. "But even as we mourn her, we should celebrate her life and remember what
a beautiful little girl she was, inside and out."

___

Prince 'lifesaving mission' turned tragic for doctor's son

Andrew Kornfeld's red-eye flight to bring a prescription drug to Prince has been
described by his attorney as a "lifesaving mission" to persuade the superstar to
start treatment for addiction.

Instead, the 26-year-old Californian found Prince collapsed in an elevator at
his Paisley Park home.

Neither Andrew Kornfeld nor his father, an addiction and pain doctor, has been
accused of wrongdoing. But a law enforcement official said on Friday
investigators want to interview both of them about the drug that was never
administered to Prince. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he
was not authorized to speak to the media.

Kornfeld helped in his father's medical practice by teaching surfing to young
drug users in recovery. In college, his studies in neuroscience sparked a
fascination with consciousness and psychedelic drugs such as LSD.

Jim Fadiman, a psychologist who popularized the notion of using micro-doses of
LSD to enhance workplace productivity, considers the younger Kornfeld "a
brilliant man."

___

Mythical Morrison cave closed over Doors-inspired graffiti

LOS ANGELES (AP) - As the Doors song goes, this is the end.

Fans of the band who have marked up a scenic cave on the California coast with
psychedelic graffiti will have to find another place to spray out their love for
frontman Jim Morrison. It has closed indefinitely for cleanup.

The trend began with a social media myth that the singer wrote songs in Corral
Canyon Cave in Malibu Creek State Park.

It was always a popular hiking spot for nature lovers seeking sweeping views of
the surrounding scenery and always had some vandalism, but it has spiraled out
of control in the past year.

The cave now looks almost tie-dyed with multicolored swirls inside and out.
Doors lyrics such as "love me 2 times" and "try to set the night on fire" are
scrawled on its walls. There also are declarations like "Use your third eye" and
"Try LSD," along with more crude tags.

___

You think mini golf looks easy? Try making money at it

COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - Professional miniature golf player Matt Male has already
heard all the wisecracks about the windmills, pirate ships and waterfall
hazards. So just save it.

Male knows the drollery comes with the territory, though, and he's a pretty good
sport about it. Earning esteem - and money - as an elite player in a sport many
people don't regard as a real sport isn't an easy thing.

"I guarantee that when they join us for a round, they will respect the skill
involved in being able to do it consistently," the 31-year-old Male says of the
haters.

Male is bright on the sport's radar at the moment as the reigning champion of
pro putting's Master's, a prestigious championship played every October on a
North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, course with a 35-foot volcano in the center
that shoots flames 10 feet into the air. (The miniature golf version has been
designated the Master's - apostrophe S - to keep from running afoul of the folks
who stage the venerable Masters golf tournament.)

That triumph came with $4,000 cash, an embossed crystal vase and a green wind
breaker that is every bit as coveted by mini-golf pros as that green sport coat
at Augusta.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 7, 2016 Saturday 12:59 AM GMT

Trump to face trial after election in Trump University suit

BYLINE: By ELLIOT SPAGAT, Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


SAN DIEGO (AP) - Donald Trump will go to trial in a class-action lawsuit against
him and his now-defunct Trump University after the presidential election but
before the inauguration, setting the stage for a president-elect to take the
witness stand if he wins the White House.

U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel on Friday scheduled trial for Nov. 28 in the
suit that alleges people who paid up to $35,000 for real estate seminars got
defrauded. The likely Republican nominee planned to attend most, if not all, of
the trial and would testify, Trump attorney Daniel Petrocelli said.

"He has very, very strong feelings about this case," Petrocelli told reporters.

Petrocelli asked for a trial after Inauguration Day on Jan. 20, but the judge
raised concerns about distractions if Trump wins the election. The attorney said
the period between the election and swearing-in is extremely hectic for a
president-elect but that it was preferable to holding a trial during the
campaign.

The lawsuit is one of three that accuse Trump University of fleecing students
with unfulfilled promises to teach secrets of success in real estate.

The San Diego suit says Trump University, which no longer operates and was not
accredited as a school, gave seminars and classes across the country that were
like infomercials, constantly pressuring students to buy more and, in the end,
failing to deliver.

Trump, who appears on a list of defense witnesses for the trial, has repeatedly
pointed to a 98 percent satisfaction rate on internal surveys. But the lawsuit
says students were asked to rate the product when they believed they still had
more instruction to come and were reluctant to openly criticize their teachers
on surveys that were not anonymous.

Curiel, a judicial appointee of President Barack Obama, has been eager to get to
trial and had planned for it this summer before Trump's surge in the primaries.
The case was filed in 2010, making it the second-oldest on his docket.

Still, he expressed concern about a trial during the campaign, partly out of
concern for jurors' safety.

"Will they be able to stay clear of the media frenzy?" he asked. "Ultimately
that's my Number 1 concern."

Since the early 1980s, Trump personally has been sued at least 150 times in
federal court, records show. Only a handful of those cases are pending, with the
ones involving Trump University - two in California and one in New York - being
the most significant.

Trump has railed against the judge in the San Diego case, calling him hostile
and suggesting his positions may be the result of Trump's stance on border
security. The likely GOP nominee has noted Curiel's ethnicity.

Trump said of the judge at an Arkansas rally in February: "I believe he happens
to be Spanish, which is fine. He's Hispanic - which is fine."

Petrocelli said he would not ask for the judge to be removed from the case,
despite Trump's views.

"He's got very strong views about everything and he expressed his own views,"
Petrocelli said.

Jury selection may begin shortly before Nov. 28, and the trial was expected to
last a month or longer, the judge said.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 7, 2016 Saturday 12:06 AM GMT

Trump wants to break records with final primary votes

BYLINE: By THOMAS BEAUMONT and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: OMAHA, Nebraska


OMAHA, Nebraska (AP) - Donald Trump seems more interested in running up the
score than projecting unity.

The billionaire mogul on Friday urged his Nebraska supporters to help him break
the record for most votes in a Republican primary by turning out to vote
Tuesday, but made little mention of uniting the party behind him now that he's
his party's presumptive presidential nominee.

"We have to go on Tuesday and vote because we're looking to break the all-time
record," Trump said as he kicked off a rally in a private air hangar near the
Omaha airport. "We want to create such a record like they haven't had before."

The request marked a change from Thursday night, when Trump told supporters in
West Virginia to not bother casting primary ballots and to wait until the
general election in November because he'd already effectively won the GOP
presidential nomination.

Nebraska and West Virginia both hold their primaries May 10.

Trump and has been working behind the scenes to try to unite a fractured party
behind his candidacy. But you never would have known it from the rally.

Instead of offering a look ahead, Trump spent 30 minutes talking about contests
he'd already won, ticking them off one after the other. He also lashed out at
two former Republican rivals, complaining about South Carolina Sen. Lindsey
Graham's renewed criticisms and slamming former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who has
been out of the race months. Both said Friday they won't vote for Trump.

It took Trump almost 20 minutes into his speech to mention Hillary Clinton, the
Democratic front-runner. And during the 40-minute speech, he only mentioned her
twice.

Trump is facing deep resistance from some wings of his party, including from
House Speaker Paul Ryan, who says he's not yet ready to support Trump.

When Trump mentioned Ryan, boos echoed throughout the private air hangar.

"Paul Ryan? I don't know what happened. He called me two, three weeks ago. It
was a very nice conversation," Trump said. "I figured - routinely - he'd be
behind it. And the other day he just did a big surprise."

The slight comes as Trump's team is working frantically to pivot to a general
election. Trump's advisers have begun conversations with the Republican National
Committee on coordinating fundraising and tapping the committee's extensive
voter data file and nationwide get-out-the-vote operation.

Trump has also said he intends to begin fundraising for the party and the
general election and appears to be moving forward with those plans. News emerged
Friday that Trump will be holding a fundraiser later this month to help New
Jersey Gov. Chris Christie pay off his own presidential campaign's debt and to
raise money for that state's Republican Party.

According to an emailed invitation, Trump will appear with Christie at what is
being billed as a "New Jersey rally" in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, on May 19.

The price of attendance is listed as $200 per person, according to an
invitation, which says all proceeds will benefit Chris Christie for President
Inc.

Trump will also be appearing at a separate event at the same venue benefiting
the New Jersey Republican Party, said Christie confidant and Republican National
Committeeman Bill Palatucci. Tickets to that will go for $25,000, Palatucci
said.

Christie was one of Trump's earliest and most prominent backers and has appeared
frequently with him on the campaign trail.

Christie ended his own campaign following a disappointing showing in the New
Hampshire primary. His campaign account was about $250,000 in the red at the end
of March, according to federal campaign finance filings.

__

Colvin reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 8, 2016 Sunday 8:16 PM GMT

Trump as nominee improves odds for parts of Obama's legacy

BYLINE: By JOSH LEDERMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 895 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - There's no cheering at the White House for Donald Trump's
success. Yet for President Barack Obama, things could be worse.

Trump's ascent as the presumptive Republican nominee makes some of Obama's main
achievements more likely to survive after the next president takes over. Trump's
policy prescriptions, while full of contradictions and short on specifics, are
generally closer to Obama's than those of Trump's closest GOP rival, Texas Sen.
Ted Cruz.

Where Cruz opposed Obama's outreach to Cuba, Trump said it's "fine," though he
would have handled it differently. Trump even has embraced a few essential
elements of Obama's health law, long the bane of the Republican Party. On gay
and transgender rights, the New York businessman has taken a softer tone than
Cruz and most of the other Republicans who sought the nomination, too.

To be sure, a Trump presidency would be bad news for most of Obama's legacy.
After all, Trump has said Obama may go down as the worst president in history.

Trump has said that if he's elected, he'll terminate Obama's immigration actions
and build a wall on the border with Mexico. He rails against Obama's trade deals
and laughs off concerns about climate change, while saying he would repeal the
Dodd-Frank financial reforms.

For Hillary Clinton, that's Argument A why voters seeking to uphold Obama's
legacy should side with her.

"From starting his political campaign on the back of a birther conspiracy about
the president to promising to overturn the many accomplishments of the Obama
administration, Donald Trump is too much of a risk for anyone who cares about
President Obama's legacy," said Jesse Ferguson, a Clinton campaign spokesman.

With Trump as the Republican nominee, Obama's aides are more confident that
Obama will be succeeded by a Democrat, a view bolstered by the deep fractures
that Trump's ascent is carving in the GOP. The big question at the White House
is whether Trump can successfully recast himself in the general election without
triggering backlash from voters seeking ideological purity.

A look at issues where Trump has suggested he'd stick with elements of Obama's
approach:

CUBA

Obama has spent more than a year working to make his historic rapprochement with
Cuba irreversible. With Trump as the nominee, it appears closer ties are here to
stay.

Unlike Cruz, the son of a Cuban immigrant, and the other Republican candidates
who vociferously opposed Obama's policy, Trump has said that a half-century of
estrangement was plenty.

"I think it's fine," Trump said of Obama's outstretched hand. "But we should
have made a better deal."

___

HEALTH CARE

Like his former GOP challengers, Trump opposes Obama's health law and has
pledged "a full repeal." But when it comes to what should replace it, Trump has
described something closer to Obama's approach than what other Republicans
prefer.

Trump wants to keep the coverage guarantees for existing conditions. That's a
position that Cruz and other Republicans haven't fully embraced.

While Trump has said his plan would largely rely on private insurance companies,
he's been open in the past to government-run health care - a step farther than
what Obama was able to accomplish and the preferred system of Democrat Bernie
Sanders, Clinton's rival for the Democratic nomination.

"As far as single payer, it works in Canada," Trump said in a GOP debate in
August. "It could have worked in a different age."

___

IRAN

Trump is no fan of Obama's nuclear deal with Iran. But he's one of the only GOP
contenders this year to suggest he would not rescind it - at least temporarily.

Cruz pledged to rip the deal "to shreds" on his first day in office. Former
Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said he couldn't stand behind it. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio
promised to re-impose sanctions. And Carly Fiorina said her second call as
president - her first would be to Israel - would be to Iran's supreme leader to
issue an ultimatum.

Not Trump.

"We have a horrible contract, but we do have a contract," Trump has said.

Acknowledging it would be popular to say he'd rip up the deal, Trump says
instead he'd seek to renegotiate it and "police" Iran for violations.

"You know, I've taken over plenty of bad contracts where I've bought things
where deals have gone bad because the people doing it didn't know what they were
doing," Trump has said.

___

GAY AND TRANSGENDER RIGHTS

Trump conspicuously broke with his party by opposing a North Carolina law
requiring transgender people to use bathrooms conforming with their birth
certificates. While Cruz warned of grown men ogling little girls, Trump advised
North Carolina it should have left well enough alone.

"There have been very few complaints the way it is," Trump told NBC's "Today
Show" last month. "People go, they use the bathroom that they feel is
appropriate. There has been so little trouble."

Obama, too, opposes the law. But unlike Trump, Obama has been a vocal advocate
for gay marriage.

Trump has generally avoided the issue on the campaign trail. He's said he's
attended a gay wedding, but disagreed with the Supreme Court ruling legalizing
gay marriage nationwide.

"If I'm elected I would be very strong in putting certain judges on the bench
that I think maybe could change things," Trump has said.

___

Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP. His work
can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/author/josh-lederman

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 8, 2016 Sunday 8:03 PM GMT

Trump likes idea of party unity, but on his terms

BYLINE: By ANNE FLAHERTY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump says he's all for bringing together the
Republican Party, but the many GOP officials he's branded losers and
lightweights will have to fall in line because the voters have spoken.

Trump's strident rhetoric, in television interviews and campaign rallies over
the weekend, are characteristic of his outsider campaign. But his latest verbal
lashings, after moving from presidential front-runner to presumptive nominee
last week, also suggest a candidate increasingly isolated from the very leaders
he might need to support him ahead of a tough November election.

And if elected, Trump would need their helping in pushing his agenda through
Congress.

For now, Trump is brushing off rejections by influential GOP officials and
saying the party doesn't have to be unified "in the traditional sense."

"Look, I'm going to get millions and millions of votes more than the Republicans
would have gotten" without me, he said.

At the same time, Trump complained that he was "blindsided" by House Speaker
Paul Ryan's refusal to endorse him. Trump said Ryan, R-Wis., had called him
three weeks ago, after winning the New York primary on April 19, to congratulate
him and that the two had a friendly exchange.

A Ryan spokesman said that phone call never happened. Trump spokeswoman Hope
Hicks said "Ryan disputed the time of the call, not the call itself." She added,
"I believe this took place in late March."

Trump and Ryan plan to meet in Washington on Thursday. Ryan is on tap to be
chairman of the GOP convention in Cleveland in July and would be considered by
most politicians as a crucial ally.

Trump said his message to Ryan will be simple: "I'm going to say, 'Look, this is
what the people want.'"

The billionaire businessman is sending a clear message about party critics who
are withholding support or planning to skip the convention.

He used the term "lightweight" to describe Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., once in
the presidential race, and suggested former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, another
former rival, was still licking his wounds from the vicious campaign.

The party's 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, Trump said, "blew the election" that year
and never even thanked Trump for his work on Romney's behalf.

Arizona Sen. John McCain, the 2008 nominee, said it would take a lot for him to
ever stand on stage next to Trump, even though McCain has agreed to support the
party's nominee. Last July, Trump said McCain - a Navy pilot during the Vietnam
War who was captured after his plane was shot down and was held for more than
five years - was a "war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren't
captured."

"There's always wounds in spirited political campaigns," McCain said in a TV
interview. "But frankly, I have never seen the personalization of a campaign
like this one, where people's integrity and character are questioned."

McCain said what Trump said about him, "that's fine. I don't require any repair
of that." But, he added, "There's a body of American heroes that I would ...
like to see him retract that statement, not about me, but about the others."

Sen. Jeff Flake, a Trump critic, said Republicans must figure out something fast
because Trump's ability to win primary contests by relying on hard-line policies
such as banning Muslims from entering the United States might not translate into
general election success against the Democrats.

"If Republicans want to win, and we do, then we've got to change the approach
because we're not going to win taking these positions," said Flake, R-Ariz.

Trump adviser Paul Manafort suggested the Republican establishment was surprised
by the candidate's rapid rise and therefore has been slow to rally behind him.

"There's a lot that unites the leadership in the Congress as well as Donald
Trump," Manafort said. "But the important thing to remember is the national
titular head of the party is the nominee of the Republican Party. He just won
that overwhelmingly, faster than anybody in Washington thought and running as an
outsider against Washington."

Trump supporter Sarah Palin, the party's vice presidential nominee in 2008, said
she would do "whatever she can" to help Ryan's primary challenger in Wisconsin,
small businessman Paul Nehlen, because the speaker "has so disrespected the will
of the people" by failing to embrace Trump.

Trump appeared on ABC's "This Week" and NBC's "Meet the Press." Palin and McCain
were on CNN's "State of the Union," Manafort was interviewed by "Fox News
Sunday" and Flake was on NBC.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 8, 2016 Sunday 12:29 PM GMT

UK treasury chief sees Clinton as winner, calls Trump 'odd'

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 141 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - Britain's treasury chief says he expects America's next president
to be a woman. Guess who?

In an unusual diplomatic departure, Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne
offered his coy take Sunday on the race between leading Democratic Party
candidate Hillary Clinton and the Republicans' sole campaign survivor, Donald
Trump.

"We look forward to working with whoever the next president is, whoever she may
be," Osborne, an ally of Prime Minister David Cameron, told the broadcaster ITV.

Conservative Party leader Cameron has repeatedly criticized Trump's
anti-immigrant rhetoric. In December he called Trump's idea of banning Muslim
travelers from U.S. soil "divisive, stupid and wrong."

Obsorne described Trump as part of "an odd collection" of extremists who want
Britain to leave the European Union. Britain votes on the issue June 23.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 8, 2016 Sunday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1984 words


Officials hope to complete Alberta wildfire evacuation

LAC LA BICHE, Alberta (AP) - Canadian officials hoped to complete the mass
evacuation of work camps north of Alberta's main oil sands city of Fort McMurray
on Saturday, fearing a growing wildfire could double in size and reach a major
oil sands mine and even the neighboring province of Saskatchewan.

The Alberta government said the massive blaze in the province will cover more
than 200,000 hectares (494,211 acres) by Sunday and will continue to grow
because of high temperatures, dry conditions and high winds. Chad Morrison of
Alberta Wildfire expects to be fighting the fire in the forested areas for
months.

"In no way is this fire under control," Alberta Premier Rachel Notley said.

Thousands of displaced residents were getting a sobering drive-by view of some
of the burned-out neighborhoods as convoys continued Saturday. The images were
largely ones of devastation - scorched trucks, charred homes and telephone
poles, burned out from the bottom up, hanging in the wires like little wooden
crosses. No deaths or injuries were reported.

Notley said about 12,000 evacuees have been airlifted from oil sands mine air
fields over the past two days and about 7,000 have been evacuated in police
escorted highway convoys. She said the goal was to complete the evacuation of
evacuees from northern work camps by late Saturday.

___

Kim Jong Un says Pyongyang won't use nukes first

PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said during a
critical ruling party congress that his country will not use its nuclear weapons
first unless its sovereignty is invaded, state media reported Sunday.

Kim also said he is ready to improve ties with "hostile" nations in a diplomatic
overture in the face of international pressure over its recent nuclear test and
long-range rocket launch. He also called for more talks with rival South Korea
to reduce misunderstanding and distrust between them and urged the United States
to stay away from inter-Korean issues, according to the official Korean Central
News Agency.

"Our republic is a responsible nuclear state that, as we made clear before, will
not use nuclear weapons first unless aggressive hostile forces use nuclear
weapons to invade on our sovereignty," Kim said in a speech carried by the KCNA.

He said that North Korea "will sincerely fulfill its duties for the
non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and work to realize the denuclearization of
the world."

The North is ready to improve and normalize ties with countries hostile to it if
they respect its sovereignty and approach it in a friendly manner, Kim said.

___

Nyquist stays undefeated with Kentucky Derby victory

LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - The racing world wondered if there was a worthy successor
to last year's Triple Crown champion American Pharoah.

Enter Nyquist.

The bay colt who lacks any distinctive markings won the Kentucky Derby by 1 ¼
lengths on Saturday, improving to 8-0 in his career as the fourth consecutive
favorite to win the race.

Ridden by Mario Gutierrez, Nyquist ran 1 ¼ miles in 2:01.31. The 3-year-old colt
became the eighth unbeaten winner in the race's 142-year history, and the first
since Big Brown in 2008. He paid $6.60, $4.80 and $3.60 as the 2-1 favorite in
the full field of 20 horses.

"We got a beautiful trip from the start to the end," Gutierrez said.

___

Mexico drug lord 'El Chapo' Guzman moved to Juarez prison

MEXICO CITY (AP) - Convicted drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, who twice
pulled off brazen jailbreaks and is fighting to avoid extradition to the United
States, was abruptly transferred to a prison in northern Mexico near the Texas
border early Saturday.

Lawyers for Guzman, who was recaptured in January, have filed multiple appeals
against their client being sent to the U.S., and Mexican officials have said it
could take as long as a year to reach a final ruling. There was no immediate
indication that the transfer could be a sign that the process is nearing
conclusion.

Mexican government officials said the Sinaloa cartel boss was moved from the
maximum-security Altiplano lockup near Mexico City to the Cefereso No. 9 prison
in Ciudad Juarez, which is across from El Paso, Texas. The Interior Department
said the move was due to work being done to reinforce security at Altiplano.

Mexico's National Security Commission said in a statement that the transfer was
in line with security protocols, and it has rotated more than 7,400 inmates
nationwide as part of a strategy implemented last September.

Michael Vigil, the former head of international operations for the U.S. Drug
Enforcement Administration, said Guzman was moved because of security concerns.
Vigil, who said he had been briefed by Mexican officials, did not specify those
concerns or say whether Mexican officials had information about possible new
escape plots. He also did not specify the officials with whom he spoke.

___

Police: Carjackings likely at end of Maryland shooting spree

ROCKVILLE, Md. (AP) - Malcom Winffel's family was not surprised to learn that he
died in an effort to help others.

"He was always helping people," said his sister, Pilar Winffel, of Columbia. "If
a friend of a friend was moving, he would go and help."

On Friday, the 45-year-old man was helping a woman in the parking lot of
Montgomery Mall when police say he was shot and killed by Eulalio Tordil, 62, of
Adelphi.

Tordil went on a nearly 24-hour shooting spree Thursday and Friday, authorities
say, killing three people and wounding three others. Police say the spree began
with a domestic motivation, with Tordil fatally shooting his estranged wife,
Gladys Tordil, who had recently obtained a protective order against him. A
bystander who tried to intervene was wounded.

They say it concluded with two more shooting scenes that were likely the result
of botched carjackings.

___

West Point launches inquiry into cadets' fists-raised photo

NEW YORK (AP) - The U.S. Military Academy has launched an inquiry into a photo
showing 16 black, female cadets in uniform with their fists raised, an image
that has spurred questions about whether the gesture violates military
restrictions on political activity.

West Point is looking into whether the photo broke any rules, Spokesman Lt. Col.
Christopher Kasker said Saturday. It's unclear how long the inquiry will take
and too soon to say what consequences it could have for the cadets, who are
poised to graduate May 21.

By campus tradition, groups of cadets often take pictures in traditional dress
uniforms to echo historical portraits of their cadets. Indeed, a different
picture of the same women, without the raised fists, was tweeted out by the
chairwoman of the academy's Board of Visitors, 1980 graduate Brenda Sue Fulton.

But the fists-up image, which circulated online, led some observers to question
whether the women were expressing support for the Black Lives Matter movement,
which grew out of protests over police killings of unarmed black men.

The Army Times, which first wrote about the photo Thursday, said several readers
had written in to say they believed the cadets were breaching a Defense
Department policy that says "members on active duty should not engage in
partisan political activity," with exceptions for voting and certain other
things.

___

Trump takes aim at Clinton, questions Warren's heritage

Donald Trump is once again raising former President Bill Clinton's marital
infidelities, a preview of how the billionaire businessman is likely to respond
to general-election attacks from Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and her
allies about his treatment of women.

Trump is receiving criticism, too, from within his own party as some
high-profile Republicans say they won't vote for him even though he has all but
secured the nomination. Asked about his ability to unify the GOP, Trump is
repeating his view that he doesn't think it has to be unified and that he will
gain Democratic votes to win in the fall.

"I think it would be better if it were unified, I think it would be - there
would be something good about it," Trump said in an interview with ABC's "This
Week" airing Sunday. "But I don't think it actually has to be unified in the
traditional sense."

While speaking at a pair of rallies in Washington state on Saturday, Trump
repeatedly assailed the woman he's dubbed "Crooked Hillary" while hardly sparing
former Republicans rivals Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham repulsed by his chokehold
on their party's presidential nomination.

"She's married to a man who was the worst abuser of women in the history of
politics," Trump said of Clinton as he addressed supporters at the Spokane
Convention Center just days after becoming the presumptive Republican nominee.

___

London's new Muslim mayor vows to be leader for everyone

DUBLIN (AP) - Sadiq Khan has a simple, striking message for Londoners: He won't
be merely a Muslim mayor, but a leader for all.

Khan celebrated his landslide election victory Saturday in a
multi-denominational ceremony at an Anglican cathedral accompanied by London's
police chief, Christian and Jewish leaders, and stars of stage and screen.

They gave Khan a standing ovation as he pledged to be an approachable Everyman
for his city of 8.2 million - including more than a million residents who, like
him, happen to be Muslim.

"I'm determined to lead the most transparent, engaged and accessible
administration London has ever seen, and to represent every single community and
every single part of our city as a mayor for Londoners," said Khan, the son of
Pakistani-born immigrants who became a civil rights lawyer and, in 2005,
London's first Muslim member of Parliament.

"So I wanted to do the signing-in ceremony here, in the very heart of our city,
surrounded by Londoners of all backgrounds," he said in Southwark Cathedral, a
few miles (kilometers) north of the state housing project where he grew up in
the London district of Tooting.

___

Transgender voices in North Carolina: Devastated by new law

RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - A student who's losing time in the classroom. A mother
trying to show strength to her 8-year-old daughter. A reluctant protester led
away in handcuffs.

These transgender residents of North Carolina were swiftly and directly affected
by the new state law that limits protections for LGBT people and mandates that
they use bathrooms corresponding to the sex on their birth certificate in many
public buildings.

This week, the federal government warned that the law violates federal civil
rights laws, but the state's GOP leaders say they won't change it.

Some transgender people say they're suffering not only from the law's practical
effects, but also from the emotional consequences of the state regulating deeply
personal aspects of their identities.

Here are some of their stories.

___

Ovechkin a force as Capitals beat Penguins to stay alive

WASHINGTON (AP) - Alex Ovechkin did everything he could to keep the Washington
Capitals' season alive.

Ovechkin threw his body around, skated around and through Pittsburgh's defense
and scored a power-play goal to help the Capitals beat the Penguins 3-1 in Game
5 on Saturday night.

Behind a two-point game from Ovechkin and 30 saves by Braden Holtby, Washington
cut its deficit to 3-2 and forced Game 6 on Tuesday night in Pittsburgh. T.J.
Oshie also scored on the power play and Justin Williams at even strength,
cracking Matt Murray after the goaltender looked superhuman for most of the
series.

Murray allowed three goals on 19 shots and was victimized on a brutal turnover
by defenseman Brian Dumoulin that led to Williams' goal. Meanwhile, Holtby was
stellar and at his best when he stopped three in a less than minute on Evgeni
Malkin, Patric Hornqvist and Justin Schultz.

That succession of saves by body, pads and glove late in the second period drew
a standing ovation and chants of "Holtby! Holtby!" from the sellout crowd at
Verizon Center hoping it wasn't seeing its final game of the season.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 8, 2016 Sunday 2:23 AM GMT

Trump takes aim at Clinton, questions Warren's heritage

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


Donald Trump is once again raising former President Bill Clinton's marital
infidelities, a preview of how the billionaire businessman is likely to respond
to general-election attacks from Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and her
allies about his treatment of women.

Trump is receiving criticism, too, from within his own party as some
high-profile Republicans say they won't vote for him even though he has all but
secured the nomination. Asked about his ability to unify the GOP, Trump is
repeating his view that he doesn't think it has to be unified and that he will
gain Democratic votes to win in the fall.

"I think it would be better if it were unified, I think it would be - there
would be something good about it," Trump said in an interview with ABC's "This
Week" airing Sunday. "But I don't think it actually has to be unified in the
traditional sense."

While speaking at a pair of rallies in Washington state on Saturday, Trump
repeatedly assailed the woman he's dubbed "Crooked Hillary" while hardly sparing
former Republicans rivals Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham repulsed by his chokehold
on their party's presidential nomination.

"She's married to a man who was the worst abuser of women in the history of
politics," Trump said of Clinton as he addressed supporters at the Spokane
Convention Center just days after becoming the presumptive Republican nominee.

Trump appeared to be responding to news that Priorities USA, the lead super PAC
backing Clinton, has already reserved $91 million in television advertising that
will start next month. Much of the negative advertising against Trump is
expected to focus on belittling statements he's made about women in the past.

But Trump declared Saturday, "Two can play that game."

"Hillary was an enabler and she treated these women horribly. Just remember
this," he said. "And some of these women were destroyed, not by him, but by the
way that Hillary Clinton treated them after everything went down," he said.

At a later rally, in Lynden, not far from the Canadian border, Trump repeated
the former president's denial of a relationship with a White House intern that
would later lead to his impeachment. "Do you remember the famous, 'I did not
have sex with that woman?'" Trump asked. "And then a couple of months later,
'I'm guilty.' And she's taking negative ads on me!"

Deriding a culture of political correctness in which, he says, men are
"petrified to speak to women anymore," Trump also defended himself as a great
supporter of women and sought to downplay past comments he's made about women in
venues like the Howard Stern radio show in the days before he was a politician.
He said some were made in the name of entertainment, while others, like his
criticism of actress and talk show host Rosie O'Donnell, were warranted.

"Who the hell wouldn't speak badly about Rosie O'Donnell? She's terrible," he
said.

Trump also continued a line of attack he rolled out on Friday evening in Oregon
and on Twitter aimed at Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat and
favorite of the left whom some would like to see as Clinton's running mate.

Trump repeatedly called Warren a "goofus" and suggested that she'd lied about
her Native American background, an attack reminiscent of his insinuations that
President Barack Obama was not born in the U.S. and demands that he produce a
birth certificate.

"She's been going around pretending that she's a minority," said Trump, who
alleged that Warren had made the claim "because she felt that her mother had
high cheek bones."

"Let's see what she does when they say we want real proof that you're a Native
American," he said.

Warren had insulted Trump earlier on Twitter, calling him "a bully who has a
single play in his playbook."

Trump also unveiled new lines of attack against Clinton, calling her "trigger
happy," claiming her foreign policy decisions as secretary of state had cost the
country millions of dollars and led to millions of deaths, and claiming that she
wants to "abolish the Second Amendment" and "take your guns away." Clinton has
said that the U.S. needs to rein in the notion that "anybody can have a gun,
anywhere, anytime."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 9, 2016 Monday 10:44 PM GMT

Anxiety over Trump cuts into House Republicans' support

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 819 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Anxiety over Donald Trump spread among congressional
Republicans Monday, pushing several to follow House Speaker Paul Ryan's lead and
withhold their support from the divisive billionaire. Ryan himself declared
there's no point in trying to "fake" party unity.

"If we go forward pretending that we're unified, then we are going to be at
half-strength this fall," Ryan told The Journal Times in Racine, Wisconsin,
defending his stunning decision last week to refuse to endorse his party's
presumptive presidential nominee.

Still, in interviews with home-state reporters Monday, Ryan denounced the idea
of any Republican launching a third-party or independent candidacy to challenge
Trump, telling the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel it "would be a disaster for our
party."

And Ryan said he'd step aside from the House speaker's traditional role as
chairman of the Republican National Convention if Trump wants him to, a scenario
that Trump left open over the weekend, underscoring the depths of strife now
afflicting a GOP divided against itself.

"He's the nominee. I'll do whatever he wants in respect to the convention," Ryan
said, striking a conciliatory note.

Trump himself shrugged off the need for unity heading into the November general
election and a likely match-up against Democrat Hillary Clinton, even though
that would be the goal in any normal election year after a candidate effectively
clinches the nomination, as Trump did last week.

"I think this is a time for unity. And if there's not going to be unity, I think
that's OK, too," Trump said on Fox Business Network. "I mean, I'll go out and I
think I'll do very well. I think I'm going to win the race either way."

The comments from Ryan and Trump came as both men prepared for a face-to-face
meeting Thursday, which Republican leaders hope will begin to mend the fabric of
their party. Trump will also meet Thursday with Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell and other Senate GOP leaders.

Still, ahead of the meeting, Ryan's negative stance appeared to be providing
cover for some vulnerable Republicans who are anxious to distance themselves
from Trump and his controversial comments about women, Latinos, prisoners of war
and others.

Pennsylvania Sen. Pat Toomey, one of the most endangered Senate Republicans,
wrote an opinion piece in the Philadelphia Inquirer drawing back from his
long-stated intent to back the GOP nominee.

"His vulgarity, particularly toward women, is appalling. His lack of
appreciation for constitutional limits on executive powers is deeply concerning.
... In short, I find his candidacy highly problematic," Toomey wrote of Trump.
"There could come a point at which the differences are so great as to be
irreconcilable."

Toomey appeared to be the only Senate Republican running for re-election to
publicly step back from plans to vote for Trump. However, other backing has come
with little enthusiasm as senators have announced in the same breath plans to
skip the July convention in Cleveland.

Party leaders fear Trump's candidacy could cost Republicans control of the
Senate. Even in the House, where Republicans command the largest majority in
decades and are unlikely to lose control, vulnerable members are visibly
nervous.

Several newly elected lawmakers who could face difficulty in November, including
Martha McSally of Arizona, Will Hurd of Texas and Barbara Comstock of Virginia,
have told local publications they are not ready to back Trump.

Another Republican in a closely divided district, Rep. Charlie Dent of
Pennsylvania, said in an interview that he and others were finding it difficult
to support Trump given his history of incendiary comments and his own uncertain
record as a Republican, including donations to many Democrats, Clinton among
them.

"When you're a candidate running for office you don't like to be in a position
where you have to put distance between yourself and someone in your own party,"
Dent said. "But in this case you're compelled to do it because of the nature of
these inflammatory statements."

Trump's tendency to shift stances on policy issues, which has troubled
conservatives while handing ammunition to Democrats, arose anew Monday as he
defended a weekend suggestion that his tax plan could be negotiable. Clinton
aides pounced on the issue in a conference call while Trump defended himself,
saying, "This is a negotiation."

Ever confident, Trump announced that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a former
foe but now an enthusiastic supporter, would head his transition team as he
heads for the White House after the election.

Another former opponent, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, who's been mentioned by
Trump as a potential vice presidential pick, issued a statement saying he wasn't
interested because Trump "will be best served by a running mate and by
surrogates who fully embrace his campaign."

___

Associated Press writers Nicholas Riccardi and Jill Colvin contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 9, 2016 Monday 10:15 PM GMT

Column: NASCAR needs to take stand on North Carolina's law

BYLINE: By JENNA FRYER, AP Auto Racing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS; In the Pits

LENGTH: 647 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C.


CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - Pat McCrory likes to spin a tale meant to illustrate his
love for high octane and burned rubber.

It was 30 years ago, when the future governor of North Carolina was a
19-year-old who drove a '72 Fiat. McCrory says he saw the back gate had been
left open at Charlotte Motor Speedway, so he slipped on in and watched David
Pearson win the World 600.

McCrory draws hearty guffaws when he tells that story during appearances on
behalf of NASCAR. He talks about how during his days as mayor of Charlotte, he
used NASCAR to help recruit talent to the city, "especially mechanics,
electricians, the aerospace engineers, the metallurgy specialists," McCrory said
last October.

McCrory also lauded an economic impact study that the speedway said shows a $450
million contribution from the track to the Charlotte-area economy.

It's fair to say that McCrory loves NASCAR and NASCAR loves the governor.

That's now a risky alignment as McCrory has doubled-down on North Carolina's
so-called "bathroom law" requiring transgender people to use public restrooms
corresponding to the gender on their birth certificate. The governor and the
U.S. Justice Department sued each other Monday, with the feds saying the law
amounts to "state-sponsored discrimination" and McCrory accusing the Obama
administration of rewriting civil rights law to protect transgender people's
access to bathrooms everywhere.

The law has been criticized by gay rights groups and led Bruce Springsteen and
Pearl Jam to cancel concerts in North Carolina. PayPal reversed plans to open a
400-employee facility in Charlotte, and Deutsche Bank froze expansion plans near
Raleigh. Nearly 200 corporate leaders from across the country, including
Charlotte-based Bank of America, have called for the law to be repealed.

NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said last month that the All-Star Game won't be
played in Charlotte next February if the law does not change. He also said he
sees no reason to move the game now because he'd prefer to first try to work
with state officials.

That's sort of the same stance taken by NASCAR, which waited well over a month
to weigh in on the topic at all. NASCAR has offices in downtown Charlotte, its
research and development center is located near Charlotte Motor Speedway, and
most race teams are based in North Carolina. Yet NASCAR Chairman Brian France
has been standoffish regarding the law, choosing to stay out of the fray with a
soft stance of having behind-the-scenes discussions.

As always, the debate rages over the mingling of sports and politics. Since
sports are supposed to be entertainment and a distraction from real life, many
fans prefer their teams and players stay out of the fray.

But NASCAR doesn't get that pass because the series has so openly blurred the
lines. In one calendar year alone, France said the Confederate flag is not
welcome at NASCAR race tracks, he endorsed Donald Trump for president and the
pre-race invocation at Texas Motor Speedway was used to pray for a "Jesus Man"
to win the White House.

NASCAR is so deep into this political cycle that there's no climbing out of it
anytime soon.

So what does NASCAR plan to do about a law that McCrory said Monday is not a
North Carolina issue but a national issue?

Well, NASCAR could move the All-Star Race scheduled for May 21 at Charlotte
Motor Speedway. It would be a dramatic decision, one that would place a
significant burden on fans who have already paid for travel arrangements, and a
blow to Speedway Motorsports Inc., the owners of the speedway.

It won't happen and NASCAR is just as unlikely to move the Coca-Cola 600 on
Memorial Day weekend. But even starting that conversation could get McCrory's
attention.

Unless, of course, NASCAR is OK with the law as it is currently written. If
that's the case, then silence and inaction probably is the best policy. After
all, the governor is a NASCAR fan.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 9:47 PM GMT

Options dwindling, Sanders says race isn't over

BYLINE: BY CATHERINE LUCEY and LISA LERER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Iowa


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - For Bernie and Jane Sanders, the revolution continues,
despite the odds.

The Vermont senator's insurgent campaign seems on its last legs. With a clear
delegate lead, Hillary Clinton has turned her focus to the general election and
presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. Sanders' fundraising has dropped
off and he has shed hundreds of staffers. Even President Barack Obama is noting
the realities of the delegate math.

But in Atlantic City on Monday, Sanders urged his supporters to keep fighting.

"If we can win here in New Jersey and win in California and win in some of the
other states and if we can win a majority of the pledged delegates, we're going
to go into Philadelphia and the Democratic convention and expect to come out
with the Democratic nomination," Sanders said.

That's a lot of ifs. Sanders is trailing Clinton by nearly 300 pledged delegates
- those won in primaries and caucuses. Clinton also holds a commanding lead
among superdelegates, the elected officials and party leaders who can support
the candidate of their choice. That leaves her only 155 delegates short of the
2,383 she needs to secure the nomination.

Sanders clings to the hope he can erase the gap with pledged delegates by
winning a string of victories, starting with West Virginia on Tuesday, Kentucky
and Oregon on May 17 and California and New Jersey on June 7.

But the White House looks increasingly out of reach and many Democrats are left
with questions about what Sanders wants - which he and his wife do not want to
entertain.

"The media constantly goes to the end game," said Jane Sanders, a top adviser to
her husband. "The journey is as important as the destination. We expect that the
people's voices will be heard and represented at the Democratic convention."

While Clinton hasn't called on Sanders to exit the race, his insistence that a
path exists is frustrating to her supporters and campaign aides. The White House
has said it won't get publicly involved until Sanders formally ends his bid,
keeping three of the party's most powerful spokespeople - Obama, first lady
Michelle Obama and Vice President Joe Biden - largely on the bench.

To be sure, Sanders continues to draw large enthusiastic crowds to his rallies.
But his fundraising has dipped and his advertising has dropped off a cliff, with
only about $525,000 in ads planned for the giant state of California and $63,000
each in West Virginia and Oregon, according to advertising tracker Kantar
Media's CMAG.

Jane Sanders disputed that the campaign was running out of options. She said
superdelegates could switch their commitments, suggesting they should consider
the results in their home states. She also argued that Sanders has shown
momentum and polls well against Trump.

"There have been a lot of surprises," Jane Sanders said. "We saw a Michigan
miracle and Indiana no one expected."

Asked about the mathematical odds and what comes next, she expressed frustration
with the media, saying "there was never once a point when anyone said he could
possibly win," even after he won eight states in a row. "For one full year," she
said of the perception, "it's been consistent that he doesn't have a chance."

With a clear Republican opponent in sight, Clinton has called on Democrats to
unite around her candidacy to help take on Trump. Campaigning recently in
California, she argued that her advantage over Sanders far outpaces the deficit
she faced against Barack Obama in the 2008 primaries.

In northern Virginia on Monday, Clinton made only passing reference to her
primary opponent at a campaign event, telling a group of working parents that
they both have college affordability plans, though "obviously, I think my plan
is better."

She quickly pivoted: "But at least we both have plans!" she said, implying that
Trump did not.

Just how the Democratic rivals reach detente is not yet clear, partly because
Bernie Sanders has not fully said what he is looking for. He is arguing for a
say in the party platform at the convention, but that is far from resolved.

"We're still competing for the nomination," said senior adviser Tad Devine.
"Having said that, it's really important that the views of the millions of
people who have supported him be expressed."

Sanders put the Democratic National Committee on notice Friday, warning it not
to stack the convention's standing committees with Clinton supporters. Sanders
said if the party is going to be unified in the fall, it can't have a convention
at which the views of millions of people are "unrepresented" in the committee
membership.

___

Associated Press writers Kathleen Hennessey, Ken Thomas and Julie Bykowicz
contributed to this report from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 9:34 PM GMT

The Latest: Rubio says he's not interested in VP run

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 1452 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential race (all times Eastern
Daylight Time):

5:30 p.m.

Marco Rubio is making it abundantly clear that he's not at all interested in
being Donald Trump's vice presidential running mate.

In a Facebook post Monday, Rubio writes, "I have never sought, will not seek and
do not want to be considered for Vice President."

Rubio, who bowed out the presidential race on March 15 after being routed by
Donald Trump in the Florida primary, says he's focused on his job in the Senate.

Rubio says Trump "will be best served by a running mate and by surrogates who
fully embrace his campaign."

He adds, "While Republican voters have chosen Donald Trump as the presumptive
GOP nominee, my previously stated reservations about his campaign and concerns
with many of his policies remain unchanged."

__

5:07 p.m.

Sen. Ted Cruz may have shut down his presidential bid, but a top adviser still
hopes to push his conservative agenda at the Republican national convention -
perhaps over bathroom use by transgender people.

In an email to convention delegates backing the Texas GOP senator, Cruz adviser
Ken Cuccinelli says those at the July gathering in Cleveland will have a chance
"to strengthen and protect the conservative elements" of the party's platform -
a statement of the party's policy goals that does not bind the presidential
nominee.

The 2,472 GOP delegates will have final say on the party's rules and platform at
the convention. Billionaire Donald Trump is the GOP's presumptive nominee.

Cuccinelli said in the interview that he expected a push for a statement in the
platform effectively saying: "Boys should only be allowed to go in the boys'
bathroom, and girls should only be allowed to go in the girls' bathroom."

The federal Justice Department sued North Carolina on Monday over the state's
law requiring transgender people to use the restroom of the gender on their
birth certificate.

The email, which invited Cruz backers to join a Monday night conference call on
the subject, was first reported by The New York Times.

___

4:46 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is refusing to respond to Donald Trump's recent comments that
she was an "enabler" of Bill Clinton's marital infidelities during his political
career.

Clinton tells reporters following an event in a politically critical Virginia
suburb that she has "nothing to say" about the Republican front-runner "and how
he's running his campaign."

Trump said during the weekend that the Democratic presidential candidate was
"married to a man who was the worst abuser of women in the history of politics."
He also called Hillary Clinton a "total enabler."

The former secretary of state tells reporters that she's answering Trump "on
what I think voters care about," including on differences "between our records,
our experience, what we want to do for our country." Clinton spoke to reporters
after holding a discussion with voters in Virginia's Loudoun County about work
and family issues.

___

4:00 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is focusing on so-called "work-life balance" issues as she
campaigns in northern Virginia today.

She's targeting white women - a demographic group that President Barack Obama
lost - in her early effort to defeat GOP front-runner Donald Trump. Her campaign
believes women, particularly those in battleground states, will be turned off by
his history of sexist statements.

Clinton is highlighting her support for increased family leave and equal pay at
an event with parents in a coffee shop in suburban Loudoun County, Va. - a
battleground county outside Washington where the votes of affluent women are
critical.

"We need to really start looking at these programs from the lens of what life is
like today and not what it was like 50 years ago," she says.

Clinton says the problems facing families today are "just harder" than the ones
she dealt with as a young lawyer in Arkansas trying to raise her daughter,
Chelsea.

"Costs are greater, everything from commuting time to feeling like if you take
that vacation day, you are going to be viewed as slacking off," she says.

___

1:08 p.m.

House Speaker Paul Ryan says he'd step down as co-chairman of the Republican
National Convention if presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump asked him
to.

Ryan adds that a third-party or independent run for president by conservatives
upset with Donald Trump "would be a disaster for our party."

Ryan made the comments Monday in an interview with the Milwaukee Journal
Sentinel.

Ryan's comments come after he said last week that he was not yet ready to
endorse Trump, but he hoped to be able to later. The two are scheduled to meet
later this week.

Ryan also is dismissing claims from Sarah Palin that he is considering a run for
president in 2020. Ryan says "I would not have become speaker of the House if I
had 2020 aspirations. If I really wanted to run for president, I could have run
in 2012 and 2016. The speaker is not exactly a good stepping stone for
president.

___

11:30 a.m.

Republican Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania is hedging his bets on backing his
party's nominee for president now that it's apparent it'll be Donald Trump.

Toomey wrote in a Sunday op-ed in The Philadelphia Inquirer that he's "inclined
to support the nominee" of his party but said that his differences with Trump
could become "so great as to be irreconcilable."

Toomey was narrowly elected in the GOP's 2010 midterm landslide but is now
running in a presidential election year in a state that Democrats have carried
since 1992. Electoral pundits say his race is a toss-up.

Earlier, Toomey had said he would support the GOP standard-bearer, but that was
before Trump became the presumptive nominee.

___

11:20 a.m.

Bernie Sanders is slamming Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and
billionaire investor Carl Icahn in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He's telling
supporters the duo's "greed and recklessness" have hurt the city's struggling
gaming industry.

The Democratic presidential candidate cites Trump's stance on the minimum wage
and his provocative statements about Latinos and Muslims.

Icahn is the owner of Atlantic City's Tropicana and Taj Mahal casinos and an
early supporter of Trump. Sanders accuses him of seeking to destroy the pensions
and health benefits of workers.

Sanders says "greed is not acceptable" and if he's elected president he will
"take these people on."

___

11:10 a.m.

Donald Trump is tapping New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to lead the transition
team that will usher in a Trump administration if he wins the White House.

It's a plum post for the governor who endorsed Trump back in February, when his
success in the primaries was far from assured.

Christie's own Republican presidential race failed, and he earned derision back
in New Jersey for backing Trump. But since then Trump has driven all remaining
competitors out of the nomination contest.

Since that happened last week, Trump's team has been playing catch-up as it
works to prepare for the general election, quickly adding staff, building a
finance operation and reaching out to Republican leaders.

Christie has been a key adviser behind the scenes.

Trump says in a statement that Christie is "an extremely knowledgeable and loyal
person with the tools and resources to put together an unparalleled transition
team."

___

10:30 a.m.

Bernie Sanders is imploring supporters in New Jersey to keep fighting despite
his long odds. He says "Don't let anybody tell you this campaign is over."

Sanders trails Hillary Clinton by nearly 300 delegates won in primaries and
caucuses, but vows to press on into the Democratic convention.

He told an Atlantic City rally he hopes for wins in New Jersey, California and
other states on June 7 to narrow the gap against Clinton.

If he can win a majority of the delegates from the primary season, he says, he
can come out of the convention with the nomination.

But Sanders would have to win 66 percent of the remaining pledged delegates. So
far, he is winning just 45 percent. And he trails even more when the party
insiders known as superdelegates are included.

___

9 a.m.

Sarah Palin isn't taking kindly to House Speaker Paul Ryan's decision to hold
off on a Donald Trump endorsement. She's declared that Ryan's "political career
is over, but for a miracle," and says she'll work for his defeat in the August
Wisconsin GOP primary.

Palin was the vice presidential candidate on the Republican ticket in 2008 and
now is a prominent Trump supporter. On Monday, Trump declined to echo Palin's
harsh words about the speaker from a day earlier, saying, "Sarah is very much a
free agent."

The presumptive presidential nominee drove his remaining rivals out of the race
but is struggling to close the deal with party insiders like Ryan.

The two are expected to meet this week.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 8:27 PM GMT

How to make summer school great again? Give a class on Trump

BYLINE: By RUSS BYNUM, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: SAVANNAH, Ga.


SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) - Professor Robert Smith covers a lot of ground teaching
American government, yet recent class discussions ranging from the electoral
college to minority rights have kept returning to the same subject: Donald Trump
.

So this summer, Smith plans to cede the spotlight to the billionaire who's
shaken up presidential politics. He's created a syllabus for what's essentially
Trump, the college course.

Next week, students at Savannah State University will begin taking the
three-credit-hour course on "The Trump Factor in American Politics." They will
study Trump's biography, read excerpts from his best-seller "The Art of the
Deal," dissect some of his more controversial proposals and delve into how Trump
became the presumed Republican nominee.

"There is something surreal, I suppose, about having developed a class on Donald
Trump," Smith said Monday while grading final exams and finalizing his plans for
teaching Trump.

It's not surprising that somebody would teach a college class on Trump, said Dan
Gibson, spokesman for the American Political Science Association, though he
wasn't sure whether similar courses were being offered elsewhere.

Savannah State, a historically black campus of about 4,900 students, might seem
like an unusual fit.

"Certainly my students were not fans of Trump's," Smith said. "I think that's
probably fair to say across the board."

Smith said wants students to take an objective look at why Trump has outlasted
more traditional GOP presidential contenders. And while there will be discussion
of Trump's more controversial plans - such as barring noncitizen Muslims from
entering the U.S. - Smith said his students will also consider whether Trump's
business experience has prepared him for "compromises and understanding the
interests of other parties in negotiations."

"I think what students will be discovering," Smith said, "is there are some of
elements about Donald Trump that will be surprising."

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 7:54 PM GMT

Paul Ryan's GOP challenger hopes to capitalize on Palin

BYLINE: By SCOTT BAUER, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 659 words

DATELINE: MADISON, Wis.


MADISON, Wis. (AP) - House Speaker Paul Ryan's longshot Republican primary
challenger hopes to capitalize on a boost of publicity thanks to the surprise
weekend endorsement of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin.

But Paul Nehlen still faces a steep climb to knock off the popular Ryan who has
millions in the bank, won re-election with more than 60 percent of the vote and
was courted by many of his Republican colleagues to run for president this year.

Nehlen spokeswoman Kirsten Lombard said Monday that talks are underway with
Palin about ways she can help defeat the 18-year incumbent. Lombard said the
Palin endorsement is part of Nehlen's plans to build a coalition of support to
take out Ryan.

Palin abruptly quit as Alaska governor in 2009 and has largely spent her time
since then as a reality TV star and commentator on cable.

Nehlen's upset effort won't include attending the Wisconsin Republican Party
convention this weekend in Green Bay. Nehlen, who won't have a table or a
speaking slot, is skipping the event where Ryan is slated to give the keynote
address at a banquet Saturday.

Nehlen could purchase a ticket and attend just like anyone else, said state
party spokesman Pat Garrett.

But Lombard said "there would be no point in our going there if we can't even
have a table." Lombard, a leader in Wisconsin's tea party movement, said there
was no deadline for setting up a table clearly visible on the party's website.

"It was made very clear to us we weren't welcomed," she said.

Nehlen, a small businessman from the town of Delavan with ties to the tea party
movement, is running his first political campaign against Ryan. The speaker,
Mitt Romney's running mate on the 2012 GOP ticket, has $7.6 million in the bank
and won re-election in 2014 with 63 percent of the vote.

Nehlen, who has little name recognition and has yet to report any fundraising
totals, is running to the right of Ryan. He argued that Ryan has betrayed his
constituents by cozying up with the Washington establishment and not taking a
tough enough stance on enforcing immigration laws, fighting against President
Obama's health care law or opposing new international trade deals.

Ryan spent Monday back in his hometown of Janesville, doing a series of
interviews with Wisconsin-based media outlets. His office declined a request to
speak with The Associated Press, but Ryan told the Wisconsin State Journal there
was "no point in responding" to Palin.

"People are going to say things to get attention. Outside agitators will try and
have influence," Ryan told the newspaper. "People here know me extremely well."

Nehlen was traveling and not available for an interview.

But Nehlen on Sunday was basking in the support of Palin, who said in a CNN
interview that she would work to defeat Ryan in the Aug. 9 primary because he
has so far refused to back Donald Trump for president.

"I think Paul Ryan is soon to be Cantored, as in Eric Cantor," she said Sunday,
referring to the anti-establishment upset of the Republican House majority
leader in a 2014 Virginia primary.

Trump distanced himself from Palin's comments, telling CNN on Monday that he had
"nothing to do with that."

Palin is a prominent Trump supporter who was John McCain's vice presidential
candidate on the 2008 Republican ticket. But Palin received a lukewarm reception
when she stood in for Trump at a Wisconsin GOP dinner last month.

The audience of Republican Party insiders was largely silent as Palin spoke for
Trump, and only offered her polite applause at the end. That was in stark
contrast to the loud, enthusiastic reception at the same dinner given to Texas
Sen. Ted Cruz, who went on to win Wisconsin's April 5 primary over Trump by 13
points.

Ryan plans to meet with Trump on Thursday, the day before Wisconsin Republicans
gather in Green Bay for the annual state convention.

___

Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sbauerAP and find more of
his work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/scott-bauer

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 6:30 PM GMT

Obama allies use Trump to press GOP on Supreme Court nominee

BYLINE: By DAVID PITT, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 765 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Iowa


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Proponents of President Barack Obama's Supreme Court
nominee believe they have a new winning argument to get the Republican-led
Senate to act - the prospect of Donald Trump choosing someone to fill the
vacancy.

Hardly, says Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, the Iowa GOP senator
who steadfastly opposes any confirmation hearings or votes on Judge Merrick
Garland until Americans elect the next president.

"There's no problem with Trump appointing people to the Supreme Court," said
Grassley, who pointed to Trump's February GOP presidential debate promise that
he'd nominate conservative judges and specifically his mention of William Pryor.

President George W. Bush appointed Pryor, Alabama's former attorney general, to
the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Pryor has angered those on the right and
left, backing the ousting of Chief Justice Roy Moore over his failure to remove
a Ten Commandments monument and calling the Roe v. Wade decision legalizing
abortion "the worst abomination in the history of constitutional law."

"If he's going to appoint people like that I don't have any doubt," Grassley
said after a weeklong recess week back home in which liberal activist groups
were relentless in pressuring the senator to hold hearings on Garland.

Grassley, who is seeking a seventh term, faced billboards and demonstrations as
he met constituents at town halls around the state.

Obama nominated Garland on March 16 to fill the vacancy created by the death of
conservative Justice Antonin Scalia in February. While some Senate Republicans
have held courtesy visits with Garland, they refuse to hold hearings or vote on
his nomination.

Outside of the Iowa Judicial Branch building in Des Moines a former Grassley
supporter said the longtime senator has lost his vote.

Ken Blackledge, 66, a produce farmer from Nevada in central Iowa and registered
independent voter, said he has known Grassley for decades and voted for him
because of the independent-minded Midwestern values he shared.

"I'm not voting for him anymore because he's not the Chuck that he was,"
Blackledge said. "He's more of a Washington Beltway-type person now which isn't
the person I know."

Democrats and outside groups targeted Grassley because of his chairmanship of
the Judiciary panel. Obama administration allies also have focused on vulnerable
Republican senators in states such as Ohio, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and
Wisconsin that Obama won twice.

Grassley said the strategy isn't working and he's doesn't feel any more
threatened in this race than previous ones.

"I approach every election as if it's going to be the toughest election I've
ever had and this one's no different," he said.

He did acknowledge that at nearly every stop on his weeklong tour of Iowa town
halls he was asked about the court.

Moveon.org, a liberal political action group, said it is buying a roadside
billboard in Des Moines and plans Internet video and social media campaigns
against Grassley.

The day after Trump won in Indiana and became the likely GOP nominee, Americans
United for Change issued a statement. "It's official. Senator Grassley is
refusing to do his job because he wants Donald Trump - a racist, sexist,
misogynistic, nativist, isolationist, pathological liar ... to make the next
appointment to the Supreme Court," said Brad Woodhouse, the group's president.

The group organized mobile billboards featuring the "Tell your Senator: Do Your
Job" theme, parking them at offices of senators running for re-election in nine
swing states. In Iowa, a billboard was following Grassley to several of his town
halls.

Grassley hasn't faced a close election in decades. He won his Senate seat in
1980 - the year Ronald Reagan became president - with 54 percent of the vote.

"It's going to backfire. If there is one thing Iowans hate is a politicizing of
the courts and when you do it with millions in outside special interest money it
doesn't work," said Tim Albrecht, a political adviser hired this week by the
Republican Party of Iowa to help with the U.S. Senate campaign. Albrecht has
worked on GOP campaigns since 1999 including the Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush
campaigns.

Grassley said refusing to consent to Obama's nominee is a legitimate use of the
Senate's advice and consent power provided in the Constitution.

Last week, Obama told CBS affiliate KCCI in Des Moines it's up to Grassley to
defy Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., set aside politics and move
Garland through the committee.

"Sen. Grassley wasn't elected by Sen. McConnell, he was elected by the people of
Iowa," Obama said.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 5:50 PM GMT

Ann Coulter writes book in praise of Donald Trump

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 129 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Ann Coulter's next book will be a story of praise - for Donald
Trump.

Sentinel, a conservative imprint of Penguin Random House, announced Monday that
Coulter's "In Trump We Trust: The New American Revolution" will be published
Aug. 23. According to Sentinel, Coulter will call on "conservatives, moderates,
and even disgruntled Democrats" to unite behind the presumptive Republican
nominee, whom Coulter has supported for months.

Coulter shares with Trump a long history of inflammatory comments. She says in a
statement that he is a "one-man wrecking ball against our dysfunctional and
corrupt establishment."

Her other books include "Mugged: Racial Demagoguery from the Seventies to Obama"
and "Treason: Liberal Treachery From the Cold War to the War on Terror."

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 5:01 PM GMT

Christie's bet on Trump pays off

BYLINE: By MICHAEL CATALINI, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 732 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J.


TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - Gov. Chris Christie's decision to endorse Donald Trump back
in February brought him plenty of derision at the time. But it's bringing
rewards now that it's clear he bet on the winner.

With Trump having effectively clinched the Republican presidential nomination
following a bruising primary fight, Christie now sees vindication of what had
been a divisive choice in his home state and his inner circle. Trump on Monday
tapped Christie to lead the transition team that will usher in the new
administration if he wins the presidency in the fall. It's a plum post that
could lead to more.

"How did I go from being an idiot 68 days ago to prescient 68 days later?"
Christie asked mischievously last week.

Christie has been a key adviser to Trump behind the scenes as well as a presence
on the stage. As chairman of the transition team, he will lead a wide-ranging
effort to prepare for a potential transfer of power, giving him influence in the
selection of White House and administration staff and in the development of a
president-elect's first steps.

Trump's rise comes when Christie's favorability in New Jersey is at an all-time
low and the end of his second and final term as governor is approaching in 2018
- all after his own GOP presidential candidacy failed.

Like almost everyone who becomes the subject of running-mate speculation,
Christie says he doesn't want to be vice president. But he adds, "never say
never." Trump has said Christie would be a great attorney general, given his
background as a prosecutor. For now, Christie is tasked with overseeing a team
of people to "take over the White House," as Trump put it in a statement.

Trump praised Christie as an "extremely knowledgeable and loyal person with the
tools and resources to put together an unparalleled transition team."

Christie swung behind Trump weeks before the businessman's success in the GOP
race was a foregone conclusion; indeed, when many thought another rival would
ultimately prevail. In politics, that timing counts for something.

"When someone with the stature of the governor of New Jersey offers an
endorsement, that is an investment," said Peter Woolley, a Fairleigh Dickinson
University political science professor. "The risk was greater for Christie when
he made that endorsement and so I'm sure he expects the reward to be greater as
a consequence."

Christie has said he plans to go into the private sector to make money in his
next act.

But he is also casting himself as a unifier in a divided party and has offered
to talk to House Speaker Paul Ryan, who declined to back Trump last week, about
his concerns over Trump.

"Donald's got work to do to bring people together," Christie said. "If (Trump)
picks up the phone and calls and asks me to do something that I can do to help
his cause and be elected president, I'll do it."

Christie, who helped raise more than $100 million as chairman of the Republican
Governors Association in 2014, could also help Trump get access to the party's
biggest donors, some of whom share Ryan's hesitancy about the presumptive
nominee.

Christie's pitch to reluctant donors and other Republicans isn't hard to
imagine, said Dale Florio, a long-time Republican lobbyist in New Jersey,
Christie ally and Trump supporter. "You have a better chance of making the
changes you want to see if a Republican wins the White House," Florio said.
"It's pretty simple."

Christie said last week Trump hasn't made any requests for help yet on that
front.

Meanwhile, Trump will headline a fundraiser this month to help Christie repay
own presidential campaign debt, followed by a $25,000 per person fundraiser for
the state's Republican Party.

Christie's support for Trump led to backlash from Democrats, including a series
of billboards attacking him. They are from Bridges Over Politics for New Jersey,
an advocacy group run by a one-time aide to a former Democratic congressman.

One of the ads shows Trump with Christie behind him. The text asks Christie to
"stand up to racism and bigotry."

Trump has drawn criticism for pledging to build a wall to keep Mexican
immigrants from entering the country illegally and for hesitating before
denouncing Ku Klux Klan figure David Duke, who said not voting for Trump was
"treason to your heritage."

Christie has said he doesn't agree with Trump on everything but Trump gives the
party the best chance to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 4:42 PM GMT

A New Jersey-style shopping list for the Powerball winner

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 273 words


Oh, the things you could buy if you hit Saturday night's $430 million Powerball
jackpot. The lone winning ticket was purchased in Trenton, so here's what a New
Jersey-style shopping list might look like:

-SEE SPRINGSTEEN IN EUROPE: Native New Jersey son Bruce Springsteen and the E
Street Band just wrapped up a 37-show American tour and are now setting out for
11 weeks in Europe. Badlands Travel, which helps travelers see concerts around
the globe, can get you tickets and hotel rooms for most of the shows for a total
of about $10,000.

-PAY OFF THE GOVERNOR'S CAMPAIGN DEBT: Donald Trump next week is hosting a $200
per person fundraiser for Republican Gov. Chris Christie, who left his own
presidential campaign more than $400,000 in debt.

-DON'T JUST GO TO A CASINO, BUY ONE: Florida developer Glenn Straub purchased
the shuttered Revel casino for $82 million last year. But seeing how he has yet
to re-open it, perhaps you could get a deal and turn it into your own 57-story
oceanfront villa.

-OR BUY AN AIRPORT: The first aviation facility in the world to be called an
"airport" is up for sale in Atlantic City. The city skipped on an offer of $800
million eight years ago and is now hoping to get at least $150 million for Bader
Field.

-HOW ABOUT A HOUSE IN FLORIDA: The move of one billionaire hedge fund manager
from New Jersey to Florida got so much attention recently that lawmakers are
calling for rewriting tax laws. If the Powerball winner followed David Tepper to
Florida, where there is no income or estate tax, there are a handful of
multimillion-dollar oceanfront estates are available near Trump's Palm Beach
Mar-a-Lago resort.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sidebar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 2:30 PM GMT

For Trump, party unity is nice, but not necessary

BYLINE: By ANNE FLAHERTY, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 640 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - For Donald Trump, party unity is a good thing. But he's making
clear he won't change his views or soften his rhetoric to get it.

"Look, I'm going to get millions and millions of votes more than the Republicans
would have gotten" without me, Trump said.

In other words, get on board or get out of the way.

It's a risky calculation for a presumptive Republican nominee who this November
would likely go up against Hillary Clinton, a seasoned campaigner who is faring
well in the polls and has broad support across her party.

But to Trump supporters like adviser Paul Manafort, shrugging off hostility from
party insiders is something Trump can afford to do.

"The important thing to remember is the national titular head of the party is
the nominee of the Republican Party," Manafort said. Trump "just won that
overwhelmingly, faster than anybody in Washington thought and running as an
outsider against Washington. So, his agenda is the people's agenda."

Trump moved from presidential front runner to presumptive nominee last week when
he crushed rival Ted Cruz in the Indiana primary, and Cruz dropped out of the
race.

Ahead of a private meeting Thursday with House Speaker Paul Ryan, Trump used
several televised interviews that aired Sunday to knock Ryan and other
influential Republicans, along with a nomination system he says is "totally
rigged."

Trump said Ryan "blindsided" him by declining to endorse him. He called South
Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham a "lightweight," and suggested Republicans Mitt
Romney and Jeb Bush wouldn't back him because they were sore losers after their
own failed presidential bids.

The New York billionaire seemed to be sending a message to party critics who are
withholding support or planning to skip the convention.

"I don't think (the party) actually has to be unified" in the traditional sense,
he said.

Among the biggest questions ahead of Trump's private meeting with Ryan is
whether Trump will call for Ryan's ouster as chairman at the Republican
convention in Cleveland this July, if Ryan refuses to back him.

Trump said that Ryan, R-Wis., had called him three weeks ago, after Trump won
the New York primary on April 19, to congratulate him and the two had a friendly
exchange. That's why, Trump explained, he was "blindsided" when Ryan said he
wasn't ready to back a Trump ticket.

A Ryan spokesman said that phone call never happened. Trump spokeswoman Hope
Hicks said "Ryan disputed the time of the call, not the call itself." She added,
"I believe this took place in late March."

Even if Trump sways Ryan, there are other GOP leaders reluctant to help him win.
Arizona Sen. John McCain, the 2008 nominee, said he'll support the party's
nominee even if it's Trump. But McCain said it would take a lot to ever stand on
stage next to him after Trump's comments last July that he prefers people who
don't get captured in war. McCain, a Navy pilot shot down and held as a prisoner
of war by the North Vietnamese for five years, said Trump owes military veterans
an apology.

"There's always wounds in spirited political campaigns," McCain said. "But
frankly, I have never seen the personalization of a campaign like this one,
where people's integrity and character are questioned."

Sen. Jeff Flake, a Trump critic, said Republicans should figure out something
fast because Trump's ability to win primary contests by relying on hard-line
policies such as banning Muslims from entering the United States might not
translate into general election success against the Democrats.

"If Republicans want to win, and we do, then we've got to change the approach
because we're not going to win taking these positions," said Flake, R-Ariz.

Trump appeared on ABC's "This Week" and NBC's "Meet the Press." McCain was on
CNN's "State of the Union," Manafort was interviewed by "Fox News Sunday" and
Flake was on NBC.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 1:30 PM GMT

Stunned Trump foes face diminished options at GOP convention

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 860 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Still shaken by Donald Trump's triumph, Republican and
conservative foes of the billionaire can still cause headaches for the party's
presumptive presidential nominee at this summer's GOP convention. But their
options are shrinking by the day.

With Trump's last two rivals - Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich -
abandoning their campaigns, there's no remaining talk of snatching the
nomination away from him with a contested, multi-ballot battle when Republican
delegates gather in Cleveland.

Instead, anti-Trump forces are trying to figure out how to use this July's GOP
meetings to keep him from reshaping the party and its guiding principles,
perhaps with fights over the platform or even his vice presidential pick.

Many expect Trump to build momentum as the convention nears, narrowing his
opponents' options. Even so, here's what may be in store:

___

IT'S OVER? WHAT NOW?

Trump's foes concede he's likely to arrive in Cleveland exceeding the 1,237
delegates needed to become the nominee. Yet many are still reeling from the
contest's unexpected finale last week and are just starting to think about what
they could do at the convention that would be productive.

"There's going to be a lot of thinking, a lot of praying and a lot talking
between all of us," said Kay Godwin, a Cruz delegate from Blackshear, Georgia.
"I wish I could give you an answer right now but I think if I did, it would be
out of emotion."

"There are probably some who hope Trump will stick his foot in his mouth or some
scandal will come out and that they'll be able to rally everybody at that point,
but at this point there's really nothing they can do" to block his nomination,
said Jason Osborne, a GOP consultant.

___

CONTAINING THE DAMAGE

Many Trump opponents see the Republican platform, the party's statement of
ideals and policy goals, as a place for a stand in Cleveland. The convention's
2,472 delegates must approve the platform before formally anointing the
presidential nominee.

All - including those chosen to support Trump - can vote however they want on
the platform. Many conservatives say they will use that vote to keep Trump from
reshaping GOP dogma against abortion, for free trade and on other issues.

While it seems likely Trump would prevail, a showdown could be an embarrassment
he'd seek to avoid by not pushing divisive changes.

"If the party walks away from any of its clearly cut social, family values
issues, it will be an issue," said Tony Perkins, president of the conservative
Family Research Council and GOP delegate from Louisiana. "We're not just going
to fall in line because he's the nominee."

Trump has said he would seek to include exceptions for rape and incest to the
GOP platform's opposition to abortion. He's also flouted the party platform by
repeatedly criticizing trade deals and calling NATO obsolete.

"We'd want to make sure the platform is protected from Donald Trump," said Rory
Cooper, senior adviser for the Never Trump political committee.

Trump aides did not return messages seeking comment on his views about the
platform.

___

A RUNNING MATE

Trump has said he'd like a vice presidential candidate with government
experience.

Yet, as with the platform, delegates can vote as they please in choosing Trump's
running mate. Some opponents suggest they may challenge his choice, either as a
protest or to try forcing him to make a different selection.

Recent GOP conventions have formally approved vice presidential candidates by
acclamation and no roll call. But if delegates make enough of a fuss, a roll
call with plenty of votes for a rival vice presidential candidate is possible.

"He'll probably pick somebody, and that person is not going to have the
automatic ratification status that's been traditional," said Roger Stauter, a
Cruz delegate from Madison, Wisconsin, who said he would never support Trump.

Others said the convention would likely defer to Trump's thinking about a
strategically smart choice.

"He could pick somebody we'd all get pretty excited about," said Shane Goettle,
a Cruz delegate from North Dakota.

Conservative talk show host Erick Erickson, a Trump opponent, said he expected
delegates to accede to Trump's selection, saying that by July, "the phases of
depression and anger" will subside as Republicans accept "their coming defeat."

___

MUST-WATCH TV?

Many expect Trump - star of his own TV reality shows "The Apprentice" and
"Celebrity Apprentice" - to run a more watchable convention than usual.

Beth Myers, GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney's campaign manager in 2012,
was not a Trump supporter during the primaries. But she said Trump knows TV and
expects his convention to outshine the Democrats' in stagecraft and draw
millions more viewers than usual.

"My guess is that the Republican convention will not be a chaotic, contested
convention," she said. "Rather, it will be a production of Trump, Inc., and it
will be pretty good live television."

Some of that glitz may not be by choice. Many Republican bigwigs are expected to
shun the convention and avoid giving primetime speeches on Trump's behalf.

___

Associated Press reporters Julie Pace and Thomas Beaumont contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 9, 2016 Monday 12:26 PM GMT

Palin says she'll work for Paul Ryan's defeat

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Sarah Palin isn't taking kindly to House Speaker Paul Ryan's
decision to hold off on a Donald Trump endorsement. She's declared that Ryan's
"political career is over, but for a miracle," and said she'll work for his
defeat in the August Wisconsin GOP primary.

"I think Paul Ryan is soon to be Cantored, as in Eric Cantor," she said Sunday,
referring to the anti-establishment upset of the Republican House majority
leader in a 2014 Virginia primary.

Palin, the vice presidential candidate on the Republican ticket in 2008 and a
former Alaska governor, is a prominent Trump supporter. On Monday, Trump
declined to echo Palin's harsh words about the speaker, saying, "Sarah is very
much a free agent."

Both spoke on CNN.

GOP primary voters have made Trump their presumptive presidential nominee but
the businessman has struggled to close the deal with party insiders. Most
prominent among them is Ryan, the top elected Republican in the country, who
said Trump needs to lead an effort to unify the party and he wasn't ready to
swing behind him. Trump said he was blindsided by Ryan's stance. The two are
expected to meet this week.

Palin said the Wisconsin Republican might have had his own political interests
in mind in withholding his support last week after Trump's primary victory in
Indiana, which drove his two remaining rivals from the race. "It kind of screws
his chances for the 2020 presidential bid that he's gunning for," she said.

Asked about being Trump's running mate, Palin said she might not be the best
choice. "I want to help and not hurt," she said. "And I am such a realist that I
realize there are a whole lot of people out there who would say anybody but
Palin."

But she said "I will do whatever I can for Paul Nehlen," the Republican seeking
a Cantor-style upset against Ryan in an August primary.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 9, 2016 Monday 10:55 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Today

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 368 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about today:

1. TRUMP FOES FACE DIMINISHED OPTIONS AT CONVENTION

Republicans and conservatives opposed to the billionaire businessman can still
fight over the party's platform and his choice of a vice presidential nominee.

2. HARD-TALKING MAYOR FAVORED TO BE NEXT PHILIPPINE PRESIDENT

Filipinos line up to vote for a president that opinion polls show will likely be
Rodrigo Duterte, the 71-year-old who gained popularity with his pledges to kill
criminals and end corruption within six months.

3. WHAT MAY AID CANADIAN WILDFIRES FIGHT

Cooler temperatures and light rain have officials optimistic they've reached a
turning point on getting a handle on a massive blaze that has devastated parts
of Fort McMurray, Alberta.

4. INVITED MEDIA FINDING NORTH KOREA CONGRESS HARD TO COVER

Pyongyang is expelling a BBC journalist for allegedly "insulting the dignity" of
the authoritarian country, while it continues to keep other foreign press away
from its ruling party proceedings.

5. NORTH CAROLINA FACES DEADLINE TO ABANDON LGBT LAW

The U.S. Justice Department warns that the new law violates civil rights
protections against sex discrimination at work and in education.

6. GERMAN VILLAGE WITH BIG REFUGEE CAMP DEFIES FEARS OF TROUBLE

The shelter in a former office complex in the tiny town of Sumte brings benefits
including dozens of jobs to the isolated rural region of northern Germany.

7. WHO IS SIGNALING URGENCY WITH ZIKA

The White House and Democrats are pressuring congressional Republicans to act on
Obama's demands for $1.9 billion to combat the virus.

8. TREASURY SECRETARY HEADS TO PUERTO RICO

Jacob Lew is calling attention to the effect the U.S. territory's $70 billion
debt crisis is having on the millions of Americans who live there and to the
GOP-led Congress' struggle to come up with a solution.

9.STUDY: E-CIGARETTE POISONINGS SURGE IN CHILDREN

Researchers say the results highlight a need for better parent awareness about
the importance of keeping the devices out of sight and reach of young kids.

10. IT'S 'WOE, CANADA' FOR HEAT STAR

Dwyane Wade's warm-up shots during the Canadian national anthem spark some
outrage.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 7:53 AM GMT

Trump-Clinton matchup is 'nightmare' for some Republicans

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS RICCARDI, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 882 words

DATELINE: OREM, Utah


OREM, Utah (AP) - The setting sun's light flooded a meeting of Utah County
Republicans as Melanie Sorensen described her concerns about her party's
presumptive presidential nominee.

First, she spoke about Donald Trump's suggestion that he may violate party
orthodoxy and back a minimum wage increase. Then, she addressed his tendency to
take different sides of the same issue. Then, the image he projects to the
world.

"I'm certainly a 'Never Hillary' person, but I may also be a 'Never Trump'
person," said Sorensen, 42, a homemaker who spends countless hours volunteering
for the GOP. "It's a nightmare. I'm living in a nightmare."

Voters in this slice of deeply conservative Utah are experiencing an acute
version of the political panic attack that's gripped much of the GOP since
Trump's remaining rivals dropped out last week.

Utah County, 30 miles south of Salt Lake City, was never going to support
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. It's home to Brigham Young University,
and 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney won 88 percent of its voters against President
Barack Obama. But it's also the conservative heart of Utah, whose voters were
among the most resistant to Trump in the nominating contest.

The billionaire won only 14 percent of the votes at the Republican county
caucuses in March. Trump's boastful, populist approach offends many in a deeply
religious state that values humility, personal ethics and traditional
conservative values. "What's more important to us is the life led, the character
of the candidate for office," said Robert Craig, 55, a businessman and another
member of the Utah County party's executive committee.

The way Utah's Republicans grapple with Trump's nomination may say a lot about
his viability in November. No presidential nominee in recent decades has won the
White House without overwhelming support from voters of his own party -
typically 90 percent of them or more - but the GOP is badly splintered over
Trump.

House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., set off a firestorm last week when he said
Trump had not yet earned his endorsement. The last two GOP presidents - George
W. Bush and George H.W. Bush - said they wouldn't attend the party's July
convention where Trump awaits the nomination.

Some Utah Republicans are grudgingly lining up behind Trump. Rep. Chris Stewart,
who called Trump "our Mussolini" in March, now calls for party unity. "While Mr.
Trump wasn't my first choice, we must move forward and unite to defeat Hillary
Clinton," Stewart said.

K.C. Bezant contemplated what to do as he hurried back from his lunch break to
the furniture store in the University Mall where he works. "Not a big fan," he
said of Trump. Bezant voted for Texas Sen. Ted Cruz in the caucuses. Another
salesman, David Bauer, 69, met Bezant as he walked in.

"Are you going to vote for Trump?" Bezant asked Bauer, who had also supported
Cruz in the caucuses.

"Yeah," Bauer answered. "I don't like Hillary. I'll vote for him. Not voting is
just putting another vote in Hillary's back pocket."

"Yeah," Bezant said. "I'll do it."

Not everyone in the store was as sanguine.

Tammy Pawlowski, 58, was horrified when Trump said this year that he never had
asked God for forgiveness. She's Mormon, "and repentance is a big thing for us,"
Pawlowski said. "We have to be accountable to somebody - we need to be
accountable to God for what we do and to people. If you're not going to be
accountable to anyone, then you don't care about anyone but yourself."

Pawlowski said she might actually end up voting for Clinton: "I would actually
pick her over Trump."

In more than two dozen interviews of Republicans in Orem, Pawlowski was the only
one who said she might vote for Clinton. But some were seeking third-party
escape hatches from what they considered to be an impossible choice. "I keep
hoping for a do-over," said Amy Gertsch, 40, a professional pet blogger who
preferred Sen. Rand Paul, an early dropout.

At the county GOP meeting, between the Pledge of Allegiance and a discussion of
local races, executive committee members were trying to find a reason to support
their party's nominee. "What could help Donald Trump move more people in the
Republican Party to his side is to pick a vice president, and have more people
around him, who are conservative," said Joe Phelon, 44. Heads nodded
approvingly, and an excited murmur rippled through the room when someone
mentioned a rumor that Trump would select U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy of South
Carolina, chairman of the House committee investigating the 2012 attack against
Americans in Benghazi, Libya, as his attorney general.

"We're waiting to see what Mr. Trump would do," said Ben Summerhalder, 63. "If
we were voting today I'd have to hold my nose - he's boorish, he's not a
conservative."

Some are more open to Trump. The billionaire was software developer Lowell
Nelson's third choice out of the 17 Republicans who competed for the nomination,
and Nelson backed Cruz in the caucuses. But now Trump will get his vote.

"He has stood firm against the trade deals and on immigration," Nelson said.
"Anything to get the establishment, the neoconservatives, angry, I'm OK with
that."

But even in this group of loyal, hard-core Republicans, some thought they
wouldn't vote for the nominee.

"A 'no' vote," said Anna Standage, 49, "is still a vote."

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 144 words


"We can really get in there and really get a handle on this fire and really get
a death grip on it." - Chad Morrison of Alberta Wildfire after officials said
they had reached a turning point in fighting an enormous wildfire in the
Canadian oil sands town of Fort McMurray, Alberta.

___

"I'm certainly a 'Never Hillary' person but I may also be a 'Never Trump'
person. It's a nightmare. I'm living in a nightmare." - Melanie Sorensen, 42,
describing her concerns about the Republican Party's presumptive presidential
nominee, Donald Trump.

___

"I'm not a disrespectful person. So if anybody thinks I'm being disrespectful to
a country, then they don't know who Dwyane Wade is." - Miami Heat star Dwyane
Wade after video showed him taking a few extra warm-up shots as "O Canada" was
performed before Game 3 of the Eastern Conference semifinals against the Toronto
Raptors.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 6:04 AM GMT

Wade's shots during Canadian anthem spark some outrage

BYLINE: By TIM REYNOLDS, AP Basketball Writer

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


MIAMI (AP) - Dwyane Wade's pregame routine has sparked a bit of an international
incident, with some Canadians saying Sunday that he disrespected their national
anthem.

The Miami Heat star was the subject of much scorn after video showed him taking
a few extra warm-up shots as "O Canada" was performed before Game 3 of the
Eastern Conference semifinals against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday.

Wade tends to not line up for the pregame anthem ceremony without making his
last shot, usually a bank shot from the right wing - even when only "The
Star-Spangled Banner" is to played before home games. Video showed that he did
not take his spot standing with teammates until about 20 seconds into the
playing of the Canadian anthem Saturday.

"I'm not a disrespectful person," Wade said. "So if anybody thinks I'm being
disrespectful to a country, then they don't know who Dwyane Wade is."

Wade said he'd adjust his pregame ritual for Game 4 of the series Monday night.

"We spoke to the team, and the Heat will work with its players to make sure no
pregame routines interfere with either anthem going forward," NBA spokesman Tim
Frank said in a statement sent to The Associated Press on Sunday.

The anthem before Miami home games is usually played at the end of the warmup
period. When the Raptors - Canada's only NBA team - come to Miami for what
becomes a two-anthem pregame, the songs are played about 12 minutes earlier and
during the warmups.

Some videos posted online show that someone threw a ball skyward at the Raptors'
end of the court a second or two into the performing of the Canadian anthem on
Saturday, though it was impossible to determine who it was.

"If people aren't here, they see video footage of what they want to see," Wade
said.

Canadian politicians were quick to express their displeasure with the perceived
slight.

"Hey @DwyaneWade a Canadian invented the game. Respect the anthem," read a tweet
from the verified account of Toronto Mayor John Tory.

Toronto Councillor Norm Kelly has sent out a few interesting tweets during the
series, including one telling Heat fans after Miami's Game 1 win that they
actually lost because "Donald Trump is one step closer to being your President."

Kelly has also tweeted out details on how Americans can apply to immigrate to
Canada, a cartoon of the Raptors' mascot squeezing Wade and on Sunday, a request
that the operations staff in Toronto's arena play no other music than "O Canada"
when the series returns to Ontario on Wednesday.

"Just the national anthem," Kelly wrote. "The whole game."

Wade hosted several events in Toronto during this year's All-Star weekend,
including a card tournament, a bowling outing and a business symposium.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 3:11 AM GMT

Tough-talking mayor favored in Philippines vote

BYLINE: By JIM GOMEZ and TERESA CEROJANO, Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 943 words

DATELINE: MANILA, Philippines


MANILA, Philippines (AP) - A foul-mouthed, crime-busting mayor is the man to
beat in Monday's presidential election in the Philippines as voters weary of
poverty, corruption and insurgencies in the hinterlands look for a radical
change at the top.

Rodrigo Duterte, the mayor of the southern Davao city, has led in
voter-preference surveys, with a bold promise to wipe out crime and corruption
in three to six months if he wins. That has resonated among voters but also
sparked alarm and doubts about electing someone with no national political
experience and a tendency to make inflammatory remarks.

"All of you who are into drugs, you sons of bitches, I will really kill you,"
Duterte told a huge cheering crowd Saturday in his final campaign rally in
Manila. "I have no patience, I have no middle ground, either you kill me or I
will kill you idiots."

It is remarks such as these that have won him favor among the masses, and
opprobrium among the political elite. Outgoing President Benigno Aquino III
called Duterte a threat to democracy, as he campaigned for his candidate, former
Interior Secretary Mar Roxas.

Three other candidates are vying to succeed Aquino in one of Asia's liveliest
democracies. Besides, more than 45,000 candidates are contesting 18,000
national, congressional and local positions in elections that have traditionally
been tainted by violence and accusations of cheating, especially in far-flung
rural areas.

At least 15 people have been killed in elections-related violence and more than
4,000 arrested for violating a gun ban, according to police.

"Let us show the world that despite our deep passion and support for our
candidates, we can hold elections that are peaceful and orderly and reflect the
spirit of democracy," said Aquino, who cast his ballot after standing in line
for more than an hour with other voters in a Manila constituency.

Commission on Elections Chairman Andres Bautista said no major glitches were
expected in the voting despite the massive logistical challenges. About 55
million Filipinos have registered to vote in 36,000 voting centers across the
archipelago of more than 7,100 islands, including in a small fishing village in
a Philippine-occupied island in the disputed South China Sea.

The brash Duterte, who has been compared to U.S. Republican frontrunner Donald
Trump for his propensity for provocative statements, has threatened to close
down Congress and form a revolutionary government if he wins and faces
stonewalling legislators.

A critical senator has also threatened to file an impeachment complaint against
Duterte, accusing him of large-scale corruption and hiding questionable funds in
secret joint bank accounts with his daughter. Duterte denies the allegations.

In final campaigning Saturday, Aquino warned voters that Duterte could be a
dictator in the making and urged them not to support him. He cited the rise of
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler as an example of how a despotic leader can gain power
and hold on to it without public resistance.

Filipinos have been hypersensitive to potential threats to democracy since they
rose in a 1986 "people power" revolt that ousted dictator Ferdinand Marcos, who
faced allegations of plundering the poor country and condoning widespread human
rights violations by state forces. In 2001, a similar uprising forced Joseph
Estrada from the presidency over alleged large-scale corruption.

On the campaign trail, Duterte offered radical promises, including his bold
anti-crime pledge and a plan to sail to China's new artificial islands in the
disputed South China Sea and plant the Philippine flag there. The other
candidates stuck to less audacious reforms.

Duterte's opponents - Roxas, Sen. Grace Poe, Vice President Jejomar Binay and
Sen. Miriam Defensor-Santiago - have all criticized him for remarks that
threaten the rule of law and the Philippines' hard-won democracy.

"Duterte is completely out of the system, he's out of the box," said political
science Prof. Richard Heydarian of De La Salle University in Manila, adding that
in the mayor's portrayal of social problems, "there is a gap between the
rhetoric and reality but it's working, it's creating panic among a lot of people
and rallying them behind Duterte."

Duterte, a 71-year-old lawyer and former government prosecutor, built a
political name with his iron-fist approach to fighting crime in Davao city,
where he has served as mayor for 22 years. During the campaigning he joked about
his sexual prowess and joked about wanting to be the one to first rape an
Australian missionary who was sexually abused and killed by inmates in a 1989
prison riot.

Despite his devil-may-care way with expletives, obscene remarks and allegations
of corruption hurled against him, Duterte has led in election polls by more than
10 percentage points over Roxas and Poe. While it may be difficult for rivals to
catch up, analysts say the race remains too close to call.

Aquino had a mixed record during his six-year term that ends in June. He
presided over an accelerating economy, which had recorded one of the highest
growth rates in Asia at an average of 6.2 percent between 2010 and 2015. He also
introduced new taxes, more accountability and reforms, including in the
judiciary, and cracked down on tax evaders.

But more than a quarter of the country's 100 million people remain mired in
poverty, inequality is rampant and an immediate solution to decades-long Muslim
and communist insurgencies in the south remains elusive.

Annual debt payments, some dating back to the Marcos years, and limited funds
stymie infrastructure improvements and public services, including law
enforcement, fueling frequent complaints.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2024 words


Canadian officials hope to put "death grip" on fire

FORT MCMURRAY, Alberta (AP) - Officials said Sunday they had reached a turning
point in fighting an enormous wildfire, hoping to get a "death grip'" on the
blaze that ravaged parts of Canada's oil sands town of Fort McMurray amid cooler
temperatures and light rain. Meanwhile, a massive evacuation of residents
displaced by the blaze came to an end.

Chad Morrison of Alberta Wildfire told a news conference he's "very happy" and
called it great firefighting weather.

"We can really get in there and really get a handle on this fire and really get
a death grip on it," said Morrison, who answered yes when asked if they've
reached a turning point.

With cooler temperatures expected in the next three or four days, he said
firefighters should be able to put out hot spots. And it has allowed them to
further protect fire-ravaged Fort McMurray. "I feel very buoyed and happy that
we are making great progress," he said.

Alberta Premier Rachel Notley said the wildfire grew much more slowly than had
been feared and it was now 161,000 hectares (397,831 acres). She said the blaze
is quite a bit smaller than had been expected on Saturday, when officials
expected the fire to double in size.

___

For some Republicans, Trump-Clinton matchup is 'nightmare'

OREM, Utah (AP) - As the setting sun's light flooded a meeting of Utah County
Republicans, Melanie Sorensen described her concerns about her party's
presumptive presidential nominee.

First, she spoke about Donald Trump's suggestion that he may violate party
orthodoxy and back a minimum wage increase. Then, she addressed his tendency to
take different sides of the same issue. Then, the image he projects to the
world.

"I'm certainly a 'Never Hillary' person but I may also be a 'Never Trump'
person," said Sorensen, 42, a homemaker who spends countless hours volunteering
for the GOP. "It's a nightmare. I'm living in a nightmare."

Voters in this slice of deeply conservative Utah are experiencing an acute
version of the political panic attack that's gripped much of the GOP since
Trump's remaining rivals dropped out last week.

Utah County, 30 miles south of Salt Lake City, was never going to support
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. It's home to Brigham Young University,
and 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney won 88 percent of its voters against President
Barack Obama. But it's also the conservative heart of Utah, whose voters were
among the most resistant to Trump in the nominating contest.

___

10 Things to Know for Monday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Monday:

1. CANADA KEEPS BURNING

But officials say they've reached a turning point in fighting the enormous
wildfire that devastated the oil sands town of Fort McMurray amid cooler
temperatures.

2. WHAT TRUMP MEANS BY UNIFYING REPUBLICANS

The presumptive Republican nominee says he's all for bringing the GOP together -
as long as the people he's branded losers and lightweights fall in line.

___

Penn State settlements covered 1971 Sandusky abuse claim

Penn State's legal settlements with Jerry Sandusky's accusers cover alleged
abuse dating to 1971, which was 40 years before his arrest, the university said
Sunday, providing the first confirmation of the time frame of abuse claims that
have led to big payouts.

The disclosure came as Penn State President Eric Barron decried newly revealed
allegations that former football coach Joe Paterno was told in 1976 that
Sandusky had sexually abused a child and that two assistant coaches witnessed
either inappropriate or sexual contact in the late 1980s. Paterno, who died in
2012, had said the first time he had received a complaint against Sandusky was
in 2001.

Barron said the accusations were unsubstantiated, and suggested that the
university is being subjected unfairly to what he called rumor and innuendo.

Responding to questions about the president's statement and claims against the
school, university spokesman Lawrence Lokman told The Associated Press he could
confirm that the earliest year of alleged abuse covered in Penn State's
settlements is 1971.

Sandusky graduated from Penn State in 1965 and returned as a full-time defensive
coach in 1969.

___

North Korea willing to reconcile unless Seoul 'opts for war'

PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) - North Korea's ruling party adopted a resolution on
the third day of its first full congress in 36 years to strive toward a more
prosperous and modern economy and stressed that it will push for the peaceful
reunification of Korean Peninsula, but warned that if Seoul "opts for a war" its
military will mercilessly wipeout all opposition.

The resolution was adopted by the congress on Sunday, but foreign journalists
brought into the country to cover the biggest political event in North Korea in
decades have not been allowed inside the meeting hall to see the proceedings and
must rely on the North's state-run media, which has been reporting the events
hours later, or even on the following day.

A Korean Central News Agency report Monday said the congress was to enter its
fourth day after hearing a three-hour speech by leader Kim Jong Un the previous
day reviewing the country's situation and progress since the last congress was
held in 1980, before Kim was born.

In his speech, Kim announced a five-year economic plan, the first one made
public since the 1980s, when his grandfather, "eternal president" and national
founder Kim Il Sung, was in power.

The speech, in which he said North Korea was a responsible nuclear state that
will not use its nuclear weapons first unless its sovereignty was threatened,
underscores Kim's dual focus on building up the military while trying to
kick-start the North's economy, which has seen some growth in recent years but
remains hamstrung by international sanctions over its nuclear program.

___

Tough-talking mayor favored in Philippines vote

MANILA, Philippines (AP) - Millions of Filipinos began voting Monday in a
presidential race where a foul-mouthed, crime-busting mayor is favored to win,
but who the outgoing president says is a threat to democracy.

Plenty are at stake for the Southeast Asian nation, which has turned around
under President Benigno Aquino III, with one of the highest economic growth
rates in Asia but remains saddled by massive poverty, inequality and
decades-long Muslim and communist insurgencies.

Five candidates are vying to succeed Aquino in one of Asia's liveliest
democracies. More than 45,000 candidates are contesting 18,000 national,
congressional and local positions in elections that have traditionally been
tainted by violence and accusations of cheating, especially in far-flung rural
areas.

At least 15 people have been killed in elections-related violence and more than
4,000 arrested for violating a gun ban, according to police.

"Let us show the world that despite our deep passion and support for our
candidates, we can hold elections that are peaceful and orderly and reflect the
spirit of democracy," said Aquino, whose six-year term ends in June.

___

Once unthinkable in US, drug shoot-up rooms get serious look

Across the United States, heroin users have died in alleys behind convenience
stores, on city sidewalks and in the bathrooms of fast-food joints - because no
one was around to save them when they overdosed.

An alarming 47,000 American overdose deaths in 2014 - 60 percent from heroin and
related painkillers like fentanyl - has pushed elected leaders from coast to
coast to consider what was once unthinkable: government-sanctioned sites where
users can shoot up under the supervision of a doctor or nurse who can administer
an antidote if necessary.

"Things are getting out of control. We have to find things we can do for people
who are addicted now," said New York state Assemblywoman Linda Rosenthal, who is
working on legislation to allow supervised injection sites that would also
include space for treatment services. "The idea shouldn't be dismissed out of
hand. I don't see anyone else coming up with anything new and innovative."

Critics of the war on drugs have long talked about the need for a new approach
to addiction, but the idea of allowing supervised injection sites is now coming
from state lawmakers in New York, Maryland and California, along with city
officials in Seattle, San Francisco and Ithaca, New York, who note that syringe
exchanges were once controversial but now operate in 33 states.

While such sites have operated for years in places such as Canada, the
Netherlands and Australia, they face significant legal and political challenges
in the U.S., including criticism that they are tantamount to waving a white flag
at an epidemic that should be fought with prevention and treatment.

___

New prison for drug boss 'El Chapo' seen as less secure

MEXICO CITY (AP) - Questions arose on both sides of the border about the
decision to relocate convicted drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman to a region
that is one of his cartel's strongholds, and a Mexican security official
acknowledged Sunday that the sudden transfer was to a less-secure prison.

The official said that in general the Cefereso No. 9 prison on the outskirts of
Ciudad Juarez, across from El Paso, Texas, is not as impregnable as the
maximum-security Altiplano facility near Mexico City where he had been held. The
official wasn't authorized to discuss Guzman's case publicly and agreed to do so
only if not quoted by name.

The official said, however, that Guzman is being held in a maximum-security wing
where the same protocols are being enforced as in Altiplano, including 24-hour
monitoring via a camera in his cell.

But Michael Vigil, the former head of international operations for the U.S. Drug
Enforcement Administration, wondered at the logic of sending Guzman to a lesser
lockup in territory firmly controlled by his Sinaloa cartel underlings.

"It just doesn't make any sense," Vigil said. "He has that part of his empire,
he has the infrastructure there and he has people who would assist him in terms
of engineering him another escape."

___

Wade's shots during Canadian anthem spark some outrage

MIAMI (AP) - Dwyane Wade's pregame routine has sparked a bit of an international
incident, with some Canadians saying Sunday that he disrespected their national
anthem.

The Miami Heat star was the subject of much scorn after video showed him taking
a few extra warm-up shots as "O Canada" was performed before Game 3 of the
Eastern Conference semifinals against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday.

Wade tends to not line up for the pregame anthem ceremony without making his
last shot, usually a bank shot from the right wing - even when only "The
Star-Spangled Banner" is to played before home games. Video showed that he did
not take his spot standing with teammates until about 20 seconds into the
playing of the Canadian anthem Saturday.

"I'm not a disrespectful person," Wade said. "So if anybody thinks I'm being
disrespectful to a country, then they don't know who Dwyane Wade is."

Wade said he'd adjust his pregame ritual for Game 4 of the series Monday night.

___

Durant scores 41 points, Thunder beat Spurs to tie series

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Kevin Durant matched his career playoff high with 41 points
and the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the San Antonio Spurs 111-97 on Sunday night
to tie the Western Conference semifinal series 2-2.

Durant scored 29 points on 10-for-13 shooting in the second half.

Russell Westbrook finished with 14 points and 15 assists, Dion Waiters added 17
points, and Steven Adams had 16 points and 11 rebounds for Oklahoma City. The
Thunder shot 50.6 percent overall and 57 percent in the second half to avoid
going back to San Antonio down 3-1 for Game 5 on Tuesday night.

Tony Parker led San Antonio with 22 points, Kawhi Leonard had 21, and LaMarcus
Aldridge 20.

San Antonio led by 11 early in the second quarter, but the Thunder rallied and
took a 45-44 lead on a 3-pointer by Durant with 1:47 left in the first half. The
Spurs closed the quarter on a 9-0 run, with all the points coming from Leonard
and Aldridge, to take a 53-45 lead at the break. Durant and Westbrook were a
combined 6 for 21 from the field in the first half.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                         May 9, 2016 Monday 1:09 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Monday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Monday:

1. CANADA KEEPS BURNING

But officials say they've reached a turning point in fighting the enormous
wildfire that devastated the oil sands town of Fort McMurray amid cooler
temperatures.

2. WHAT TRUMP MEANS BY UNIFYING REPUBLICANS

The presumptive Republican nominee says he's all for bringing the GOP together -
as long as the people he's branded losers and lightweights fall in line.

3. WHY TRUMP'S ASCENT CAN HELP OBAMA

President Barack Obama's key achievements could survive if the billionaire
businessman wins the White House.

4. WHERE A MASSIVE ELECTION IS UNDERWAY

Five candidates are vying to succeed Philippines President Benigno Aquino III in
one of Asia's liveliest democracies.

5. PROTESTERS CLASH IN GREECE

Demonstrators were angry over a bill reforming the debt-ridden country's pension
and tax systems, which Greece's Parliament has approved.

6. MARYLAND SHOOTING SUSPECT TO MAKE FIRST COURT APPEARANCE

Eulalio Tordil, charged with killing his estranged wife and two other people, is
scheduled to make an initial court appearance Monday.

7. PENN STATE CONFIRMS SANDUSKY ABUSE CLAIMS DATE BACK FOUR DECADES

The university says its legal settlements with former assistant football coach
Jerry Sandusky's accusers cover alleged abuse dating to 1971, 40 years before
his arrest.

8. SANDBERG TIPS HAT TO SINGLE MOMS

Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg says that until her husband's
death she never realized how hard it is to be a single parent.

9. POWERBALL WINNER SOLD IN TRENTON, NEW JERSEY

The winning Powerball ticket for the jackpot worth nearly $430 million has been
sold at a 7-Eleven convenience store.

10. CLEVELAND ADVANCES IN NBA PLAYOFFS

LeBron James hits a huge shot with 39.2 seconds to go as the Cleveland Cavaliers
finish off their second straight playoff sweep.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 11:31 PM GMT

Donald Trump wins West Virginia presidential primary

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 22 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential primary in West
Virginia, adding to his claim on the GOP's nomination.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 11:30 PM GMT

Donald Trump wins Republican presidential primary in West Virginia

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 14 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump wins Republican presidential primary in West
Virginia.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 10:58 PM GMT

Trump leaning against public financing for his campaign

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 403 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump says he's leaning against accepting public
financing for his general election campaign - an option that would have saved
him the arduous task of raising the vast sums he will need but also would have
put strict limits on what he could spend.

"I think I've ruled it out," the presumptive Republican presidential nominee
said in a Tuesday interview with The Associated Press.

"I don't like the idea of taking taxpayer money to run a campaign," he added. "I
think it's inappropriate."

Trump has largely self-financed his primary campaign, spending what he estimates
to be $45-$50 million dollars so far, supplemented by contributions from
supporters.

Trump, his aides and Republican officials have been huddling in New York and
Washington in recent days hashing out details of how they'll run his general
election campaign, including various fundraising options, after he suddenly
became his party's presumptive nominee last week.

While Trump has discussed investing significant sums of his personal fortune to
help elect fellow Republicans to Congress, he had previously left the door open
to paying for his own campaign using the public financing system, which provides
major party presidential nominees a lump sum grant of roughly $94.14 million in
the general election. But by accepting the grant, a candidate may not raise any
additional funds and is severely limited in how much of his own money he can
give or lend to his campaign.

It would have been highly unusual for Trump to accept the grant. President
Barack Obama effectively ended the practice of candidates taking general
election public financing in 2008, when he chose not to accept it. His
Republican rival John McCain took the grant that year and was swamped by the
Obama campaign's spending.

Trump has previously said that he expects the general election campaign to cost
more than of $1 billion, but would not say Tuesday how much of his money he's
planning to spend on this next phase.

"I have no idea what it's going to cost," he said of the general election. "But
I'll be spending a lot."

Money for the public financing of campaigns is collected through a voluntary $3
checkoffs on taxpayers' returns. The checkoffs do not affect how much money a
taxpayer owes.

___

AP writer Julie Bykowicz contributed to this report from Washington

___

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Jill Colvin at
http://twitter.com/colvinj

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 10:50 PM GMT

White House sends high-court pick's questionnaire to Senate

BYLINE: By MARY CLARE JALONICK and MARK SHERMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 840 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland detailed his most
significant cases in thousands of pages of documents submitted to Congress
Tuesday, including his role as a federal prosecutor in the 1995 Oklahoma City
bombing case and the prosecution of Unabomber Ted Kaczynski.

The lengthy questionnaire isn't likely to sway many minds in Congress, where
Republicans have insisted on delaying the Supreme Court fight until after the
presidential election. But the White House still had Garland fill out a
questionnaire, and the committee posted the document online, as is routine with
nominations.

Garland is currently the chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Garland's account of his most significant opinions
as a judge includes one that upheld a ban on campaign contributions from federal
contractors. Another affirmed the application of the Endangered Species Act to a
commercial real estate project that threatened a protected toad. Two others
sided with people mounting job discrimination lawsuits.

In his long career on the bench and as a Justice Department official before
that, Garland developed a reputation for being pro-prosecutor and
pro-government.

But in his listing of significant opinions, he includes one case in which he
voted to throw out a criminal conviction for a drug trafficking conspiracy, a
second dissenting opinion in which he would have allowed lawsuits to continue
against private contractors over allegations of abuse at the Abu Ghraib prison
in Iraq and a third that sided with a Uighur detainee at Guantanamo Bay who
challenged his status as an "enemy combatant."

He also cites his role as a federal prosecutor Oklahoma City bombing and
Unabomber cases as a lawyer before becoming a judge, noting that both were
convicted. McVeigh was executed, while Kaczynski was sentenced to life
imprisonment without the possibility of parole.

In the thousands of pages of documents, he also lists details of his work
experience, his biographical background, his memberships and associations, his
most significant cases, pro bono work and financial information.

Garland's submission was missing forms typically included to provide a more
detailed description of his net worth. The White House said it would provide
that information if the Senate Judiciary Committee requested it.

Garland reported that he was first called by the White House about the Supreme
Court vacancy on Feb. 29 - 16 days after Justice Antonin Scalia's death. He said
he was interviewed by President Barack Obama on March 9, a week before Obama
announced his nomination.

The White House said the questionnaire is intended to present "an exhaustive
picture" of Garland's service on the bench and of his "impeccable credentials."

The questionnaire is a standard early step in the vetting of any judicial
nominee. The lengthy survey typically is drafted by the committee, completed by
the nominee, and then reviewed and made public by the committee in advance of
committee hearings. In this case, the Senate Judiciary Committee didn't send a
questionnaire to Garland because Republicans said they have no intention of
acting on his nomination. So the White House had Garland fill out what it
described as a standard form and sent it, unsolicited, to the committee.

So in Garland's atypical nomination, the questionnaire has become another tool
in the White House pressure campaign. Senate Republicans have maintained that
the next president should choose the Scalia's replacement.

Shortly after the questionnaire was posted online, Senate Democrats used it to
call once more on Republicans to hold hearings and vote. In a news conference,
Democrats on the Judiciary Committee warned Republicans that presumptive GOP
presidential nominee Donald Trump could pick the next justice.

Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin joked that Trump might bring television
personality Judge Judy out of retirement. "I don't want to make light of the
situation because it's extremely serious," Durbin said. "But imagining Donald
Trump picking a Supreme Court justice is something I never thought would cross
my mind."

Garland has been meeting privately with senators on so-called courtesy visits
and conducted some prep sessions with the White House.

He was scheduled to meet Tuesday with Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., and Sen. Brian
Schatz, D-Hawaii, the White House said.

"We expect that upon receiving the questionnaire, Senate Judiciary Committee
members will do their jobs by reviewing the information, scheduling a hearing so
that the American people can hear directly from Chief Judge Garland as he
answers questions under oath, and giving him a fair up or down vote," Hoffine
said.

Garland plans to continue his meetings with lawmakers this week. Garland is
slated to meet Wednesday with Democratic Sens. Barbara Mikulski of Maryland, Ed
Markey of Massachusetts and Tom Carper of Delaware, then Thursday with Sen. Jon
Tester of Montana, the White House said.

___

Associated Press writer Kathleen Hennessey contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 10:32 PM GMT

Judge to unseal court case files involving Trump associate

BYLINE: By JEFF HORWITZ and JAKE PEARSON, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - A federal judge agreed Tuesday to a request by The Associated
Press to unseal about 240 court documents in a case related to the criminal past
of a former business partner to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

U.S. District Justice Brian M. Cogan said he will decide within two weeks
whether to unseal 38 other documents in the case. But Cogan said during a
hearing in Brooklyn federal court that he was leaning toward keeping those
private because their disclosure would "deter cooperation and will jeopardize
ongoing investigations."

The unusual case involves whether two lawyers should be held in criminal
contempt for revealing details about the role of Felix Sater, a former Trump
business associate, in orchestrating a Mafia-linked stock fraud scheme and his
subsequent cooperation with the U.S. government.

The AP reported in December that, even after learning about Sater's criminal
background, Trump tapped Sater to prospect for business on his behalf, giving
Sater the title of senior adviser and an office in the Trump Organization's
headquarters near to his own. The Trump Organization has downplayed the
significance of the role, which it says never produced any business deals.

The lawyers facing the criminal probe, attorneys Frederick Oberlander and
Richard Lerner, have said the secrecy surrounding Sater's criminal past allowed
him to conceal additional misconduct during his time as a government cooperator
and avoid paying restitution to his victims. They denied violating any orders
against revealing confidential court records, and said that excessive sealing in
the case has prevented them from citing documents that are publicly available
elsewhere.

"He's acknowledged he's not abided by constitutional requirements for sealing,
yet is continuing to maintain documents under seal," said Lerner.

Sater's attorneys have said the disclosure of information about Sater's
cooperation puts him in danger and that the lawyers, Oberlander and Lerner,
should be criminally prosecuted. Sater's lawyers said they would seek to bring a
case themselves if prosecutors don't.

At Tuesday's hearing, an attorney for the AP questioned the level of secrecy in
the case, arguing that at least some of the 38 documents kept secret appeared to
be legal papers related to an earlier order to seal that make no mention of
government cooperation or other criminal matters - and which no party to the
case had even requested to be sealed.

"The presumption is access," said Katherine Bolger, noting she was at a
disadvantage in arguing for access because she has been unable to see many of
the sealed documents in the case. "The presumption is not closure."

"I appreciate that you're throwing darts at night in a darkened room," Cogan
told her. "But I see the light."

Cogan acknowledged he had not previously considered the secrecy in the case. He
said he had begun reviewing the justification for sealing in the past week when
deciding whether records should be published on a public docket or a secret one.

The judge also urged the Justice Department to conclude its deliberations
whether to charge Lerner and Oberlander with contempt. Because federal
prosecutors in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York have
twice recused themselves from handing the case, Cogan asked prosecutors in the
northern district to appear again in 30 days to state their intentions.

___

Horwitz reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 10:14 PM GMT

AP Interview: Donald Trump says he's narrowed VP shortlist

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump, the Republicans' presumptive presidential nominee,
says he's narrowed his list of potential running mates to "five or six people,"
all with deep political resumes.

He says he has not ruled out New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a former rival who
has embraced the billionaire's campaign with gusto.

"I have a list of people that I would like," Trump said Tuesday in an interview
with The Associated Press.

The real estate mogul and former reality television star said he's giving
special weight to political experience because he wants a vice president who can
help him "with legislation, getting things through" Washington if he wins the
White House.

"We don't need another business person," said Trump, who touts himself as one of
the best in that category.

He also said choosing a person who's previously held elected office would help
with the process of looking into the person's background, in part because that
person already would have been checked out by voters, the news media and to some
extent the government.

"For the most part, they've been vetted over the last 20 years," he said.

If he selects a military or business person, he said, "the vetting is a whole
different story. Whereas the politicians are, generally speaking, pretty well
vetted."

Trump would not reveal the full list of possible running mates, but said his
decision this week to appoint Christie to head his White House transition team
did not mean the New Jersey governor was out of consideration.

"No, not at all," he said.

Trump's vice presidential pick could be crucial to easing the concerns of
Republicans who worry about their presumptive nominee's lack of political
experience, as well as his temperament to serve as commander in chief. Tapping a
political insider would also be a way for Trump to signal a willingness to work
with the party establishment he has thoroughly bashed throughout the primary.

Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer are among the
Republicans who have suggested they would be open to joining Trump on the GOP
ticket. Others, including Trump's former primary rival Marco Rubio, have ruled
out being considered.

"I have never sought, will not seek and do not want to be considered for vice
president," Rubio wrote in a Facebook post Monday.

Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been chosen to run the vetting
effort "with a group" that includes former rival Ben Carson and Trump himself,
the candidate said.

"Honestly, we're all running it. It's very much a group effort," said Trump,
adding that he's in no rush to announce his pick.

"I do think I don't want to make a decision until the actual convention. Not
even before it. I mean, until it," he said.

___

Follow Julie Pace and Jill Colvin on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jpacedc and
http://twitter.com/colvinj

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 10:11 PM GMT

GOP fractures ruin Reagan Day fundraiser in Tennessee

BYLINE: By ERIK SCHELZIG, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE, Tenn.


NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Reagan Day fundraisers have been a staple of GOP
politics ever since the Great Communicator made a point of promoting the 11th
Commandment - thou shalt not speak ill of a fellow Republican. But in the
conservative suburbs east of Nashville, the event has become too poisonous to be
held this year.

According to party emails obtained by The Associated Press, three leading
Tennessee Republicans refused to speak at the June fundraiser if their rivals
were given the same opportunity, forcing the Wilson County Republicans to call
off the event altogether.

The flap suggests just how fractured the GOP has become this election year, as
Donald Trump and tea party supporters continue shaking up what's left of the
Republican establishment. It also suggests what hardball tactics may come in the
race to succeed term-limited Republican Gov. Bill Haslam in 2018.

The head of the county party has no comment on why the party canceled the event.
But a flurry of correspondence obtained by the AP suggests that organizers
couldn't get the three candidates to share a stage.

The event was to be held on June 7 in the district of U.S. Rep. Diane Black, who
faces a tea-party rival, former state Rep. Joe Carr, in Tennessee's
congressional primary this August. Black also is a top contender for governor,
and will likely face state Sen. Mark Green, an Army veteran who has been
speaking at other Reagan Day events around the state.

According to an emailed summary prepared by Wilson County GOP Chairman Tom
Hoffman for fellow party organizers, Green refused to appear if Black was
allowed to speak, and Carr then said he wouldn't speak either if Green didn't
take the stage.

The event was being put together by Justin Hayes, a Carr spokesman and
co-chairman of the Wilson County for Donald Trump campaign committee.

According Hoffman's message, Hayes suggested that the event feature Carr and
Green - and no one else. The state GOP then intervened saying that party rules
require all candidates to be allowed to address the crowd to avoid the
appearance of taking sides in a race, meaning that Black could not be have been
excluded if Carr was speaking.

Executive committee member Jennifer Winfree wanted organizers to confirm Green's
refusal, calling it "troubling and baffling that a well-respected doctor and
seated senator would be this obstinate."

Hoffman responded that he hadn't spoken to Green directly, but that Hayes
"verbally represented" Green's position to him and others. The party then voted
to cancel the event.

Hayes declined to comment to the AP, but the Carr campaign later called for a
debate between Carr and Black.

Black, for her part, tweeted her regrets after the event was canceled, saying
she had been eager to hear from the "tough guy" Green.

In an AP interview, Green denied that he had refused to appear alongside Black
or anyone else.

"I don't know who's saying that I didn't want to be on stage with her, but
that's just ludicrous," he said. "I relish the opportunity to speak with a
person that I might be contending against in the future."

"She has every right to be on stage, and I would never suggest otherwise," he
said. "It would be such a high-schoolish thing to do."

Former radio talk show host Steve Gill, who helped Carr publicize his campaign
launch in April, had agreed to host the fundraiser. He said he was told Black
was to blame for the cancellation.

"It seems to me the elbows are coming out early," Gill said, and that's OK with
him. "You cannot be tepid and timid."

"If Donald Trump teaches us nothing it is that in this climate right now, you've
got to play in bold strokes, you can't paint in pastel. Anybody who isn't
playing bold now is losing out," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 9:54 PM GMT

Voters in West Virginia and Nebraska cast primary ballots

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1300 words


Voters in West Virginia and Nebraska are casting primary ballots on Tuesday, but
the only competitive presidential race that remains in the Democratic contest in
West Virginia.

With Nebraska's Democrats having caucused in March - giving Bernie Sanders a
comfortable win over Hillary Clinton - the state's Republicans went to the polls
Tuesday with their party's presidential race all but sewn up by businessman
Donald Trump. Voters must decide several other races, though.

In West Virginia, the headline race is between Clinton and Sanders, with Trump
having cleared the GOP field of rivals in Indiana last week. West Virginians are
also voting in a Democratic showdown for governor, a state Supreme Court race
and other contests.

Here are some voters' thoughts:

Don Fricke, a 76-year-old dentist from Lincoln, Nebraska, said he voted for
Trump because he's a political outsider. Fricke said he wants a candidate who
will work to lower taxes and defend the country by strengthening the military,
and he sees those qualities in Trump.

"He's got enough guts to change things in Washington so they don't keep doing
things the way they've been doing them," Fricke said. "Obviously the others have
dropped out now. I think one of the others, Cruz or Rubio, would have been OK
too."

Fricke said he thinks Trump has "a very good chance" against Clinton in the
general election.

"Hillary's got too much baggage," Fricke said.

___

Joe Jensen, 63, of Lincoln, said he voted for Ted Cruz over Trump even though
Cruz dropped out last week because he sees the senator from Texas as more
trustworthy and a reliable social conservative.

"I still haven't made up my mind yet if I can vote for Trump in the general
election," Jensen said outside his polling place at Good Shepherd Presbyterian
Church. "He's a liar. He changes his opinions. I believe he's really a Democrat
dressed in Republican clothes. I'd only vote for him because Hillary is even
worse."

Jensen, an evangelical Christian, said he sees Cruz as "a believer in the
Constitution" who fervently opposes abortion. He said he also liked Marco Rubio
and John Kasich.

On the timing of Nebraska's primary, he said: "I wish we had been before
Indiana. But I guess I don't mind it. Since we're late, we didn't have to listen
to all of the ads."

___

Democrat Joe Hall, a highway engineer from Alum Creek, West Virginia, said he
voted for Sanders instead of Clinton.

Like some others who cast ballots Tuesday, he said he felt like he was "voting
for the lesser of two evils."

Hall, 55, was critical of Clinton's use of private emails while she was
secretary of state and her response to the September 2012 attacks on a
diplomatic compound that killed a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans in
Benghazi, Libya.

Hall said he doesn't agree with all of Sanders' stances, including Sanders'
support for abortion rights. But he said he likes Sanders' economic ideas.

"He's not a perfect candidate to me," Hall said. "I just can't vote for
Hillary."

___

Chris Wilder has worked for nine years as an electrician doing repair work at
coal mines in Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia and now, West Virginia.

After voting for Trump on Tuesday in Madison, the 30-year-old said "we need
someone in there that supports coal."

Wilder said he received a layoff notice last week that was later postponed,
allowing him to work this week. But he said his future is unknown.

"My job's hanging in the balance right now," he said. "I've thought about
leaving the state."

Thousands of miners in central Appalachia have received layoffs notices in the
past year.

At campaign rallies, Trump has promised to help coal miners. Wilder said that
"everything he says he's going to do, I'd like to see him do. We really need
somebody in here for coal. We need coal back. We need jobs. I think that's the
best choice."

___

Hours after taking an advanced placement government exam, Hurricane High School
student Tevin Robinson voted for the first time at an elementary school in
nearby Scott Depot, West Virginia.

The 18-year-old, who plans to study economics at Columbia University, voted for
Clinton saying he doesn't like Sanders' proposal to raise the minimum wage to
$15 per hour. He says he wants a higher minimum wage, but not that high.

Robinson says that economically, Clinton "has a more stable plan than her
counterparts. I believe that she has the ability and the background to take the
president to a better level than it has been before."

___

Anne and Jim Ashley, of Scott Depot, said they voted for Trump after initially
backing Ted Cruz for the Republican nomination.

Anne Ashley, a 66-year-old substitute teacher's aide, said she thinks Trump has
some good ideas for the country.

"I think he is becoming more aware of the gravity of becoming president and
becoming more composed."

Her husband, a retired telephone company worker, said he believes Trump will
help create jobs. He said it's important for Trump to unify the Republican Party
and to bring other candidates that ran against him into the fold.

"He thinks 'I can do it on my own,' but he's wrong," Jim Ashley said. "He's got
to bring the party together. He talks about 'I don't really need them.' Well
yes, he does need them."

___

Democrat Christopher Blackmon, a 31-year-old social worker from Charleston, West
Virginia, said he is voting for Clinton because he thinks her views are more
realistic.

"With all the politicians and everybody that's running, to be honest, I don't
believe with everything that they all say," Blackmon said. "But when you have
this choice, it's one of those things where you've got to pick the lesser of the
evils, in a sense."

He said Bernie Sanders is almost trying to make everything like the "Garden of
Eden."

"I think Bernie, in a sense, he wants a Utopia-type thing for America with a lot
of his views," Blackmon said. "And I don't think that's realistic. I don't think
that's going to happen."

___

Dave George, 47, said he voted for Cruz in Lincoln, Nebraska, even though Trump
has effectively won the nomination. George said he wanted to make a statement
against Trump with his vote.

"The man's a pig," George said outside his polling place at the Belmont
Recreation Center in Lincoln. "He's a terrible human being. He's a megalomaniac,
and I'm absolutely astonished he's made it to this point."

George said he was "incredibly" frustrated that the GOP primary was over by the
time Nebraska's election arrived. He said he feels that moderate voices are
being overshadowed, and he plans to vote for a write-in or third-party candidate
in November.

"The only candidate still in the campaign is Trump, and he's a caricature,"
George said. "This is ridiculous."

___

Vicki Baines, who voted at Covenant Presbyterian Church in west Omaha, said she
didn't feel great about her options in the presidential race because her
favorite GOP candidates weren't even on the ballot.

"The people I related to didn't even make it to the top four," said Baines who
didn't name her favorites.

Baines, 62, joked that she wrote in a fictional character for president that she
could trust.

"I'm sticking with my man Pinocchio," she said.

___

Dorothy Burford, an 81-year-old retiree from Charleston, West Virginia, is a
registered Democrat who says she voted for Hillary Clinton in 2008.

This year, she left the Democratic race for president empty because she wants to
vote for Donald Trump in the fall.

She said the change dealt with how she thinks the candidates view the coal
industry.

"I think Hillary was against the coal miners," Burford said. "I think Trump has
a better view on how we can get the coal miners back to work."

___

The following Associated Press writers contributed to this report: Josh Funk in
Omaha, Neb.; Grant Schulte in Lincoln, Neb.; Jonathan Mattise in Charleston,
W.Va.; John Raby in Cross Lanes, W.Va.; and Claire Galofaro in Logan, W.Va.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 9:34 PM GMT

The Latest: Trump leans against public financing of campaign

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on AP's interview with presumptive GOP nominee Donald
Trump (all times local):

5 p.m.

Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump says he's leaning against accepting
public financing for his general election campaign.

That's an option that would save him the arduous task of raising vast sums of
money to pay for his campaign, but also would put strict limits on what he can
spend.

In a Tuesday interview with The Associated Press, Trump says he doesn't like the
idea of taking taxpayer money to run a campaign and says he thinks it's
inappropriate.

Major party presidential nominees may elect to receive a lump sum of roughly $94
million to pay for a general-election campaign. Doing so means they cannot raise
any additional money and agree to a spending limit.

That would also foreclose the billionaire's ability to give his campaign a
significant amount of his own money.

Trump says he doesn't know how much his general-election campaign will cost, but
expects to spend "a lot of money."

___

4:25 p.m.

Donald Trump says he's narrowed his list of potential running mates to "five or
six people," all with deep political resumes.

In an interview Tuesday with The Associated Press, the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee said he has not ruled out New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -
a former rival who has embraced the billionaire's campaign with gusto.

Trump says said he's prioritizing political experience, because he wants a vice
president to help him "with legislation, getting things through" Washington if
he wins the White House.

Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer are among the
Republicans who have suggested they would be open to joining Trump on the GOP
ticket.

Others have ruled out being considered, including Trump's former primary rival,
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 9:21 PM GMT

Report: NYC artist was behind Trump Central Park headstone

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 148 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - A Brooklyn artist is reportedly behind a headstone bearing
Donald Trump's name that was placed in New York's Central Park.

The New York Times reports (http://nyti.ms/1Npa9lV ) the headstone included
Trump's birth year, 1946, and the epitaph "Made America Hate Again." It
mysteriously appeared in the park March 27 before being taken away by parks
department workers.

Police tracked the stone to a monument dealer who gave them the customer's name
and security footage showing him loading it into a truck.

The Times reports police identified him as Brian Whitely. He hasn't responded to
requests for comment from The Associated Press.

In a March 30 interview with the then-unnamed artist, he told the Times he was
trying to remind the Republican presidential front-runner "what kind of legacy
he was leaving behind."

___

Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 8:22 PM GMT

AP NewsAlert

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 21 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - AP Interview: Trump says he's narrowed potential VPs to 5 or 6
experienced politicians, has not ruled out Christie.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 6:27 PM GMT

New Philippine leader seen as emancipator, looming dictator

BYLINE: By JIM GOMEZ and TERESA CEROJANO, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 991 words

DATELINE: MANILA, Philippines


MANILA, Philippines (AP) - Rodrigo Duterte, the bombastic mayor of a major
southern city, was heralded Tuesday as president-elect of the Philippines after
an incendiary campaign that projected him alternatively as an emancipator and a
looming dictator.

"Our people have spoken and their verdict is accepted and respected," outgoing
President Benigno Aquino III's spokesman, Sonny Coloma, said in a statement.
"The path of good governance ... is already established as all presidential
candidates spoke out against corruption."

Former Interior Secretary Mar Roxas, who was running second behind Duterte in
the unofficial vote count following Monday's election, conceded defeat. "Digong,
I wish you success," Roxas said at a news conference, using Duterte's nickname.
"Your victory is the victory of our people and our country."

Duterte's harshest critic also conceded that the mayor, known for his off-color
sexual remarks and pledges to kill criminal suspects, had emerged the
unquestioned winner.

"I will not be the party pooper at this time of a festive mood," Sen. Antonio
Trillanes IV, who has filed a plunder complaint against Duterte, told The
Associated Press. "I will step back, listen to his policy pronouncements. This
time we don't expect a stand-up comedy act but a president who will address the
nation."

Duterte, 71, has not spoken publicly since casting his vote Monday, and remained
at his home in Davao, on the southern main island of Mindanao.

Results from a semi-official count gave Duterte an unassailable lead, thrusting
him into national politics for the first time after 22 years as mayor of Davao
and a government prosecutor before that. In those two jobs, Duterte gained
recognition by going after criminals, although he was accused of carrying out
hundreds of extrajudicial killings.

That earned him the nickname "Duterte Harry," a reference to the Clint Eastwood
movie character with little regard for rules. He has also been compared to
Donald Trump, the U.S. Republican presumptive presidential nominee, for his
propensity for inflammable statements.

In the election for vice president, who is separately elected in the
Philippines, the son of late dictator Ferdinand Marcos was trailing by a narrow
margin behind Rep. Leni Robredo, who is backed by Aquino.

During the three-month campaign, Duterte made audacious promises to eradicate
crime and corruption within six months. His explosive outbursts and curses
against the inequality and social ills that bedevil the Filipino everyman
resonated among different class levels of the people that his big political
rivals clearly underestimated until he began to take a strong lead in opinion
polls in the final weeks of the campaign.

He captured domestic and international attention with speeches peppered with
obscene jokes about sex and rape and anecdotes about his Viagra-fueled sexual
escapades, and with undiplomatic remarks about Australia, the United States and
China, all key players in the country's politics.

U.S. officials parried questions Tuesday about whether they had concerns about
Duterte's record.

"Washington respects the choice of the Philippines' people. We will gladly work
with the leader they've selected," State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth
Trudeau told reporters.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the U.S. looked forward to
"strengthening and deepening" ties with the Philippines, which he hailed as a
"vibrant democracy" that helps the U.S. on maritime security. He commended the
Philippines on its smooth election.

Duterte has not articulated an overall foreign policy, but has described himself
as a socialist wary of the U.S.-Philippine security alliance. He has worried
members of the armed forces by saying that communist rebels could play a role in
his government.

When the Australian and American ambassadors criticized a joke he made about
wanting to be the first to have raped an Australian missionary who was
gang-raped and killed by inmates in a 1989 jail riot, he told them to shut up.

He said he would talk with China about territorial disputes in the South China
Sea but if nothing happened, he would sail to an artificial island newly created
by China and plant the Philippine flag there. China, he said, could shoot him
and turn him into a national hero.

He has also threatened to form one-man rule if legislators in Congress oppose
him.

But his campaign manager, Peter Lavina, told The Associated Press that the brash
image, the obscene jokes and the outlandish promises were a strategy to attract
voters.

"That's part of the game. You know in Philippine elections you have to act like
a comic, you have to find ways for you be in the headlines," Lavina said.

Duterte displayed his softer side early Wednesday when he visited his parents'
tomb in a Davao cemetery to pay homage to them. He stood in front of the tomb
with his right hand on it and wept.

"Help me Mom," he said in the local Bisaya dialect as he sobbed quietly. "I'm
just a nobody."

President Aquino went public against Duterte late in the campaign, saying the
mayor may endanger the country's hard-fought democracy and squander economic
gains of the last six years, when the Philippine economy grew at an average of
6.2 percent, one of the best rates in Asia.

Aquino, whose parents were democracy champions who helped topple the senior
Marcos, also campaigned against Marcos Jr., who has never clearly apologized for
economic plunder and widespread human rights abuses under his father. Filipinos
have been hypersensitive to potential threats to democracy since they ousted the
elder Marcos.

On Monday, Duterte was asked to comment on his image as an advocate of
mass-murder of crime suspects. He replied without elaborating, "I'm sure that
there will be a resurrection one of these days."

___

Associated Press photographer Alberto "Bullit" Marquez and video journalist
Bogie Calupitan in Davao, Philippines, and Matthew Pennington in Washington
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 3:01 PM GMT

A Trump truce? He's a guest on Megyn Kelly's Fox TV special

BYLINE: By FRAZIER MOORE, AP Television Writer

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 936 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - When Megyn Kelly sits down with Donald Trump for her prime-time
special on the Fox broadcasting network, the Fox News Channel host hopes to call
a truce to the war waged by the presumptive Republican nominee since he began
slamming her after last August's Republican debate, where he was galled by her
tough questioning as one of its moderators.

Being targeted by Trump has helped raise her profile and boost her star power,
"but none of that takes into consideration the downside of being in Trump's
crosshairs," she said during a recent interview with The Associated Press. "It's
been a year of security guards and closed blinds. I hope this interview will be
a chance to clear the air in front of the American public, to get it over with,
then move on."

Kelly said she's excited to be venturing from the harder-edged format of "The
Kelly File," where she has reigned since 2013. Airing May 17 at 8 p.m. EDT,
"Megyn Kelly Presents" is produced by veteran Barbara Walters collaborator Bill
Geddie, with Walters' "Most Fascinating People" specials as its model.

"I'm not Barbara," said Kelly, "but this is an opportunity to have a different
kind of conversation than I'm used to."

Those conversations will include actor Michael Douglas, a cancer survivor whose
health has been an object of concern in recent media reports. ("He's looking
good," reported Kelly.)

She will also talk with Robert Shapiro, famously part of O.J. Simpson's defense
team for his murder trial.

"I was in law school when that case was being tried, and I was riveted," said
Kelly, who practiced law before getting into TV. "It's not that I think O.J.
Simpson is innocent. But it was great lawyering by Shapiro. To me, he's a rock
star."

Also on tap: Laverne Cox, the transgender activist and actress who appears on
Netflix's drama series "Orange is the New Black" and who, said Kelly, "puts a
human face on a group of people who are still maligned, in many parts of the
country, with impunity."

But the main event will be Kelly's meeting with Trump, whose tirades against her
have included a sneering reference on CNN to her menstrual cycle and tweets
dismissing her as "lightweight" and "second-rate."

Speaking with a reporter recently in her cozy Fox News office, she declined to
share details of the interview, but took pains to say she isn't seeking a
rematch.

"I understand that this is not a presidential debate. This is an interview," she
said, then smiled. "Let me put it this way: I have nothing to prove. I think the
American people know I can be plenty tough on any political candidate, and this
is not going to be about proving anything to anybody."

Detente began last month when Kelly had a private one-on-one with Trump.

"I was a little nervous to go into Trump Tower that day, because I didn't know
what to expect. But from the moment I entered his office, he could not have been
nicer. I won't say it wasn't awkward, but there was nothing acrimonious between
us. It felt like a journalist talking to the candidate about the race. We did
not touch on anything about us. We did not touch the dustup. I asked him for an
interview. He said he'd think it over.

"I had wanted to reach out to Trump since (the first debate in) August," she
went on, "but I kept waiting for him to not be angry. I didn't think he'd say
yes, and I didn't think it would be a good interview, if he was still angry. And
just when I would think he was past it, he would start up again. Then in April,
there was a two-week lull, so I reached out.

"I am looking to move beyond the acrimony on his end," she said. "It has never
been on my end."

This new TV venture airing on (for her) a new network serves as a reminder that
Kelly is no stranger to new challenges. Is the time nearing when she might
hanker for a challenge that takes her beyond the Fox orbit?

She is a blend of glamour and gravitas perhaps unmatched by any other TV
newswoman today, with a "Vanity Fair" cover and a show (airing weeknights at 9
p.m. EDT) that ranks second in all cable news, behind only Fox News' "The
O'Reilly Factor" with an average audience of 2.5 million viewers. She could
expect a warm welcome by either of the cable-news networks trailing Fox News, or
by most any other TV news outlet. Her contract reportedly is up in mid-2017.

"I'm very happy with Fox," she said. "(Fox News Chairman and CEO) Roger (Ailes)
has taken very good care of me for 12 years. So I think it would be tough to
leave him. But having said that, I don't know what the future will bring. It's a
fickle business and anything can happen."

In the more immediate future, Kelly is keen to do a follow-up Fox special, she's
writing a book due out this fall, and stays busy with "The Kelly File," where,
she says, she feels a higher calling than the cage-match style of much of
cable-news talk.

"I want ideas to be exchanged and fleshed out," she explained before voicing an
idyllic mission statement: "We want to present cool water. What I've told my
team many times is: I want the show to feel like cool water on a hot brain, a
pleasant news-consumption experience."

Having said that, she realized she was overdue to get ready for that night's
show.

"They won't put me on TV like this," she said of her off-camera look - on this
day, boots, jeans and a tuxedo jacket over a white T-shirt. "So I have to get my
bells and whistles. They need to dress it up a little."

_____

EDITOR'S NOTE - Frazier Moore is a national television columnist for The
Associated Press. He can be reached at fmoore@ap.org and at
http://www.twitter.com/tvfrazier. Past stories are available at
http://bigstory.ap.org/content/frazier-moore

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 2:19 PM GMT

Jon Stewart labels Donald Trump a 'man-baby'

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 129 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO (AP) - Jon Stewart has been on the sidelines for one of the wildest
campaign seasons in memory. But he's weighing in with a new dig at old foe
Donald Trump, labeling the presumptive Republican presidential nominee a
"man-baby."

The comments came in a Monday taping of a podcast with President Barack Obama's
former aide, David Axelrod, at the University of Chicago.

Stewart joked that Trump has the "physical countenance of a man and a baby's
temperament and hands," adding that as a "man-baby," he isn't sure Trump is
eligible to run for president.

The former "Daily Show" host also took a swipe at likely Democratic nominee
Hillary Clinton, describing her as "a very bright woman without the courage of
her convictions."

Stewart left the Comedy Central program in August.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 1:24 PM GMT

London mayor slams Trump's 'ignorant' view of Islam

BYLINE: By JILL LAWLESS, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - London Mayor Sadiq Khan on Tuesday slammed Donald Trump's
"ignorant" view of Islam, after the Republican presidential contender suggested
Khan could be exempted from a proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the
United States.

Last year Trump proposed "a total and complete" ban on foreign Muslims entering
the U.S. "until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is
going on."

Asked how that policy would affect London's first Muslim mayor, Trump told The
New York Times that "there will always be exceptions."

But Khan said "this isn't just about me - it's about my friends, my family and
everyone who comes from a background similar to mine, anywhere in the world."

"Donald Trump's ignorant view of Islam could make both our countries less safe -
it risks alienating mainstream Muslims around the world and plays into the hands
of the extremists," Khan said in a statement.

Khan, the London-born son of Pakistani immigrants, was elected last week by a
wide margin after a campaign that saw his Conservative rival Zac Goldsmith
accuse him of having shared platforms with Islamic extremists.

Khan, a former human rights lawyer and Labour Party lawmaker, accused Goldsmith
of trying to frighten and divide voters in a multicultural city of 8.6 million
people - more than 1 million of them Muslims.

In his victory speech, Khan said the result marked the triumph of "hope over
fear and unity over division."

The mayor said Tuesday that Trump and people who agree with him "think that
western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam - London has
proved him wrong."

Trump said he was "happy to see" Khan's election and hoped "he does a good job."

The mayor declined to lend Trump his support.

"I'll be backing the Democratic candidate - Hillary Clinton, who I suspect it
will be - and I hope that she trounces him," Khan told the BBC.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 12:56 PM GMT

With Trump as GOP's choice, Dems eye North Carolina comeback

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 894 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C.


CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - Four years ago, North Carolina was the one that got away
for Democrats - the only battleground state President Barack Obama didn't carry
in his resounding re-election triumph.

Now, with Donald Trump at the top of the Republican ticket and state GOP
officials embroiled in a contentious fight over transgender rights, Democrats
see a ripe opportunity for likely nominee Hillary Clinton to grab North Carolina
back in November, as well as boost her party's prospects in competitive races
for Senate and governor.

"Trump just opens up possibilities, opportunities for Democrats to say, look,
this is at least a possible winnable race in North Carolina," said John Dinan, a
politics professor at Wake Forest University.

Obama stunned Republicans by carrying North Carolina in 2008, the first time a
Democratic presidential candidate had won the state in more than 30 years.
Democrats saw his winning coalition of young people, black voters and Hispanics
as a model for how the party could regain a foothold in the South as the region
becomes more diverse.

But that excitement was tempered after Republicans consolidated power throughout
the state during Obama's first term and North Carolinians frustrated with a
sluggish state economy rebuked the president in 2012.

This fall's fight for North Carolina will probably be shadowed by the mounting
legal battle over a new state law restricting the use of public restrooms by
transgender people. Republican Gov. Pat McCrory, who is running for a second
term, and the U.S. Justice Department filed competing lawsuits against each
other Monday, with the governor trying to keep the law in place and the federal
government seeking a court order declaring the law discriminatory.

For Democrats, the measure is an example of North Carolina Republicans
overreaching and wading into issues that run counter to the needs of the state's
voters.

"On a statewide basis, I think people are saying, 'What have we gotten ourselves
into?' " said Kay Hagan, who won a Senate seat in North Carolina on Obama's
coattails in 2008 but was pushed from office in 2014 when the Democratic
president was out of favor. "If they moved here in recent years, they say, 'If
I'd known all this, I would have picked a different state."

Indeed, businesses in North Carolina, the home of Bank of America and a prime
destination for technology firms, vigorously oppose the law. Trump initially
said he opposed the law, then said the matter was for states to decide.

Ferrel Guillory, a politics professor at the University of North Carolina, said
the response to the bathroom law has exploded for Republicans "in a way that I
don't think they anticipated." But he said it was too early to know whether the
GOP-led effort would result in a backlash from voters in November.

"Is that overreaching? That's some of what the election is going to test,"
Guillory said.

Even if the bathroom law has a negative fallout for Republicans, Clinton's
success in North Carolina will still depend largely on her ability to register
and turn out the young, diverse coalition Obama cobbled together to win the
state in 2008. But Democrats also see an opportunity for Clinton to outperform
the nation's first black president with white voters, who made up 70 percent of
North Carolina's electorate in the last presidential race.

"If you increase your support with white voters in North Carolina two or three
points, that probably would make the difference," said Mitch Stewart, who
oversaw Obama's 2012 campaign operations in North Carolina and other
battleground states.

Obama carried just 31 percent of North Carolina's white voters in 2012, 4 points
fewer than when he won the state during his first campaign.

Democrats are in particular eyeing white women in the middle class suburbs of
Charlotte and Raleigh who may typically vote Republican, but can't stomach a
vote for Trump. The billionaire is viewed unfavorably by nearly 70 percent of
women, according to a recent AP-GfK poll.

Patty Funderburg, a 54-year-old from Charlotte, is among the voters the Clinton
campaign could reach. A mother of three who voted for Republican Mitt Romney in
the 2012 election, Funderburg is no fan of Clinton, but knows she can't vote for
Trump.

"I think he's a loose cannon," she said.

Trump's advisers have repeatedly dismissed the businessman's poor standing with
wide swaths of the American electorate, noting that Clinton is also viewed
negatively by many Americans. Trump political director Rick Wiley said that in
North Carolina and other battleground states, the presumptive GOP nominee won't
be pigeonholed by traditional definitions of Republican voters and would reach
out to those who backed Obama.

"All of it is on the table," Wiley said.

Republicans vowed to not be caught off guard in North Carolina again after
Obama's 2008 win, and the party's national committee has spent the last three
years building a sophisticated operation in the state. The Republican National
Committee currently has 200 highly trained volunteers working in the
neighborhoods Trump will need to carry if he's going to win the state.

In April, Republicans registered about 11,000 more voters in the state than
Democrats, though Democrats continue to hold a 600,000-person edge in overall
registration, according to state records.

___

Follow Julie Pace on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jpaceDC

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 10:30 AM GMT

After 2012 stunner, ex-con makes another White House run

BYLINE: By JOHN RABY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words

DATELINE: CHARLESTON, W.Va.


CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) - As Donald Trump, Hillary and Bill Clinton and Bernie
Sanders campaigned in West Virginia this month before thousands of voters,
ex-convict Keith Judd slipped into the state unnoticed.

There were no campaign rallies. No preplanned speeches. No organized public
events. Just a chance for the Democratic presidential candidate who received 41
percent of the vote in the state's 2012 primary against President Barack Obama
to drive around and see it for himself.

He never got to West Virginia four years ago, because he was in prison.

This time Judd drove nearly 1,400 miles from his hometown of Midland, Texas, and
spent a week visiting towns such as Charleston, Beckley, Huntington, Logan,
Parkersburg and Williamson before heading back on Sunday, two days before West
Virginia's presidential primary.

"I wanted the people to get to know who I was," he said.

That wasn't the case in 2012, when most West Virginia voters had no clue. But
they were determined to rebuke Obama, whose clean air regulations remain deeply
unpopular in the coal-producing state. So 73,138 of them voted for Judd.

"You really don't expect to get that many votes when you're sitting in a prison
cell," Judd said.

Now, after 15 years in prison for threatening and trying to extort his wife in
divorce proceedings and for a parole violation, Judd, 57, is a free man. And he
is improvising another run for president. His old campaign photo, which looks
more like a police mug shot, still shows him with a bushy dark mullet on his
website, "Keith Judd for President of USA 2016."

In person, Judd has gone gray, his hair in front is shorter and he wears a suit
and tie. He's taking this race seriously enough to have gotten onto primary
ballots in Louisiana, Missouri, New Hampshire, Oklahoma, Texas and more, failing
to muster even 1 percent of the vote anywhere.

"I don't know what to expect" from West Virginia voters, Judd said. "It's hard
for me to figure out what they're going to do."

After West Virginians vote Tuesday, there's the California primary, the last one
where his name appears.

With coal's future looking grimmer than ever, the potential looms for another
protest vote in West Virginia because the state's primaries are open, enabling
independents to vote either for Republicans or Democrats.

Hillary Clinton trounced Obama in the state in 2008, but has since broadly
endorsed the federal government's clean air policies, and now trails Trump and
Sanders in polls.

It didn't help when she said recently that "we're going to put a lot of coal
miners and coal companies out of business - we're going to make clear that we
don't want to forget those people." Many West Virginians, already feeling
abandoned, focused on the first part of her comment.

Judd, who accuses Obama of waging a war on coal, said he got permission from his
probation officer to campaign in West Virginia and "bring some other issues into
the national spotlight."

Judd's incarceration prevented him from touring four years ago, when Obama won
only 59 percent of the vote and lost to Judd in 10 of West Virginia's 55
counties. Incumbent presidents rarely face a serious primary challenge when
seeking re-election, especially from an unknown. But the party denied Judd a
pledged delegate at the 2012 convention because he hadn't filed some paperwork.

"What's different this time is, a majority of West Virginians are familiar with
Judd," political scientist and historian Robert Rupp said with a chuckle.
"Obama's not on the ballot, Judd is known and we have a very spirited campaign
between two formidable candidates, Sanders and Clinton."

Rupp, a professor at West Virginia Wesleyan College, also notes that Judd was
the only other candidate on the state's Democratic primary ballot when Obama was
running for re-election. There are six names to choose from this time, including
a West Virginia lawyer, a California businessman and former Maryland Gov. Martin
O'Malley, who dropped out months ago.

"We will look back at Judd's showing in the 2012 primary as an aberration," Rupp
said.

Judd has had political aspirations for decades. In the 1990s, he ran for mayor
of Albuquerque and governor of New Mexico. Since 1996, he's managed to get on
presidential ballots.

His 1999 conviction, he says on his website, involved false allegations. He was
released in June 2013, then returned to prison five months later for violating
parole. Out of prison and on supervised release since October 2014, he now
shares a home in Midland with several of his hotel co-workers, and he volunteers
in his local Baptist church.

In the coal county of Mingo, where Judd got 60 percent of the vote last time,
Ashley Kominar of Kermit said she simply dislikes Obama, and didn't know when
she voted for Judd that he was doing time in Texas.

"I still would have gave him my vote," said Kominar, a registered Democrat who
now supports Trump. "That wouldn't have been a factor for me at all."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 4:26 AM GMT

Some big-name California Republicans among Trump delegates

BYLINE: By MICHAEL R. BLOOD, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 165 words


Mitt Romney, John McCain and other prominent Republicans have distanced
themselves from Donald Trump, but the billionaire businessman's list of
delegates from California released Monday includes Majority Leader Kevin
McCarthy, the second-ranking Republican in the U.S. House.

Trump's line-up of delegates also includes Reps. Darrell Issa and Duncan Hunter
and Dennis Revell, a son-in-law of Ronald Reagan.

In California, Republican presidential campaigns select delegates that are
awarded in the June 7 primary, based on the outcome of voting in its 53
congressional districts and the statewide tally.

Trump's list also includes Harmeet Dhillon, vice chair of the California GOP,
state Senate GOP leader Jean Fuller, former congressman Doug Ose and former
state Sen. Tony Strickland.

"I think what you are seeing is Republicans coming to a clear understanding that
we have to coalesce and let's get on with it," Ose said.

Issa, a former backer of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, endorsed Trump last week.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 3:41 AM GMT

Tough-talking Philippine mayor looks set to be new president

BYLINE: By JIM GOMEZ and TERESA CEROJANO, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1068 words

DATELINE: MANILA, Philippines


MANILA, Philippines (AP) - A brash and tough-talking mayor who has pledged to
kill suspected criminals and end crime within six months emerged Tuesday as the
winner in presidential elections after securing an unassailable lead in an
unofficial vote count.

The son of late dictator Ferdinand Marcos was trailing narrowly behind an
establishment candidate in the vice presidential race.

Rodrigo Duterte, the mayor of southern Davao city, had secured more than 14.4
million votes, according to a count of 87 percent of precincts nationwide from
Monday's elections. The closest of his four main rivals, former Interior
Secretary Mar Roxas, had 8.6 million votes.

"We can call it now because the gap got so big relative to the maximum the No. 2
can get" of the remaining votes, said William Yu of the Parish Pastoral Council
for Responsible Voting. The group is accredited by the Commission on Elections
to conduct the unofficial "quick count."

A victory by Duterte would amount to a massive political shift in the
Philippines. Starting as an outsider, Duterte built his popularity with radical
pledges to eliminate poverty and end corruption and crime. He has a reputation
for fighting crime as mayor of Davao for 22 years, but has been accused of
ordering extrajudicial killings to achieve that.

On the last day of campaigning Saturday, he made clear he intends to continue
his hard-line approach.

"All of you who are into drugs, you sons of bitches, I will really kill you,"
Duterte, 71, a former prosecutor, told a rally. "I have no patience, I have no
middle ground, either you kill me or I will kill you idiots."

Statements such as that have won him the nickname "Duterte Harry," a reference
to the Clint Eastwood movie character "Dirty Harry" who had little regard for
rules. He has also been compared to Donald Trump, the U.S. Republican
presumptive presidential nominee.

Duterte is known for jokes about sex and rape, talking often about his
Viagra-fueled sexual escapades, and for undiplomatic remarks about Australia,
the United States and China, all key players in the country's politics. He has
threatened to dismiss the Philippine Congress and form a revolutionary
government if he is confronted with uncooperative legislators.

Outgoing President Benigno Aquino III tried to discourage Filipinos from voting
for Duterte over fears the mayor may endanger the country's hard-fought
democracy and squander economic gains of the last six years, when the Philippine
economy grew at an average of 6.2 percent, one of the best rates in Asia.

But on election day, with opinion polls giving him the best chance to win,
Duterte reached out to his opponents.

"Let us be friends," he said at a news conference after voting in Davao. "Let us
begin the process of healing."

Among the other presidential candidates, Sen. Grace Poe had 8.1 million votes
and Vice President Jejomar Binay had 4.8 million, according to the partial
unofficial results. Poe conceded defeat early Tuesday.

In the vice presidential race, Rep. Leni Robredo, was leading narrowly with
13.31 million votes, ahead of Sen. Ferdinand Marcos Jr., who had 13.16 million
votes. Marcos Jr. is the son of the former dictator who ruled the Philippines
from 1972 until he was ousted in 1986 in a "people power" revolt.

Vice presidents are elected separately from presidents in the Philippines.

Aquino, whose parents were democracy champions who helped topple the senior
Marcos, also campaigned against Marcos Jr., who has never clearly apologized for
economic plunder and widespread human rights abuses under his father.

Aquino warned that Duterte could be a dictator in the making and urged voters
not to support him. Filipinos have been hypersensitive to potential threats to
democracy since they ousted the elder Marcos.

Aside from the presidential and vice presidential races, more than 45,000
candidates contested 18,000 national, congressional and local positions in
elections that have traditionally been tainted by violence and accusations of
cheating.

About 55 million Filipinos registered to vote at 36,000 polling places across
the archipelago of more than 7,100 islands, including in a small fishing village
in a Philippine-occupied island in the disputed South China Sea.

Weary of poverty, poor public services, crime, corruption and insurgencies in
the hinterlands, voters in the nation of 100 million people looked for radical
change at the top.

Duterte tapped into that discontent, pledging to end crime in half a year, even
though police said it was impossible. The other candidates stuck to less
audacious reforms.

He has not articulated an overall foreign policy, but has described himself as a
socialist wary of the U.S.-Philippine security alliance. He has worried members
of the armed forces by saying that communist rebels could play a role in his
government.

When the Australian and U.S. ambassadors criticized a joke he made about wanting
to be the first to have raped an Australian missionary who was gang-raped and
killed by inmates in a 1989 jail riot, he told them to shut up.

He said he would talk with China about territorial disputes in the South China
Sea but if nothing happened, he would sail to an artificial island newly created
by China and plant the Philippine flag there. China, he said, could shoot him
and turn him into a national hero.

All of Duterte's opponents have accused him of making remarks that threaten the
rule of law and democracy.

Analysts predicted that a Duterte win would weaken the Philippine peso, given
his uncertain economic platform. The jitters have affected the Philippine stock
market, which fell Friday - the last day of trading before Monday's election
holiday - for the 10th time in 11 days.

"The market is obviously emotional and the stronger emotion is usually fear
rather than hope," said Jose Vistan, research head at AB Capital Securities Inc.
"A big chunk of the reason why we're behaving the way we are is obviously
because of the elections."

"Duterte is completely out of the system, he's out of the box," said political
science professor Richard Heydarian of De La Salle University in Manila, adding
that in the mayor's portrayal of social problems, "there is a gap between the
rhetoric and reality but it's working, it's creating panic among a lot of people
and rallying them behind Duterte."

___

Associated Press photographer Alberto "Bullit" Marquez in Davao, Philippines,
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 3:14 AM GMT

Trump foes plan to push conservative views at GOP convention

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 896 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - A top adviser from Sen. Ted Cruz's defunct presidential
campaign wants supporters to push a conservative agenda, including limits on the
bathrooms transgender people can use, a fresh example of the headaches Donald
Trump could face at this summer's Republican National Convention.

With Trump's last two rivals -Texas' Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich - abandoning
their campaigns, there's no remaining talk of snatching the presidential
nomination away from Trump with a contested, multiballot convention battle.

Instead, anti-Trump forces are trying to figure out how to use the GOP meeting
in July to keep the billionaire from reshaping the party and its guiding
principles, perhaps with fights over the platform, the rules or even his vice
presidential pick.

Many expect Trump to build momentum as the convention approaches, narrowing his
opponents' options. Even so, here's what may be in store:

___

IT'S OVER? WHAT NOW?

Trump's foes concede he's likely to arrive in Cleveland exceeding the 1,237
delegates needed to become the nominee. Yet many are still reeling from the
contest's unexpected finale last week and are just starting to think about what
they could do at the convention that would be productive.

"There's going to be a lot of thinking, a lot of praying and a lot talking
between all of us," said Kay Godwin, a Cruz delegate from Blackshear, Georgia.

Many Trump opponents see the Republican platform, the party's statement of
ideals and policy goals, as a place for a stand in Cleveland. The convention's
2,472 delegates must approve the platform before formally anointing the
presidential nominee.

All - including those chosen to support Trump - can vote however they want on
the platform. Many conservatives say they will use that vote to keep Trump from
reshaping GOP dogma against abortion, for free trade and on other issues.

Trump has said he would seek to include exceptions for rape and incest to the
GOP platform's opposition to abortion - a big problem for conservatives. He's
also flouted the party platform by repeatedly criticizing trade deals and
calling NATO obsolete.

"If the party walks away from any of its clearly cut social, family values
issues, it will be an issue," said Tony Perkins, president of the conservative
Family Research Council and GOP delegate from Louisiana. "We're not just going
to fall in line because he's the nominee."

___

A BATTLE OVER TRANSGENDER RIGHTS?

In an email over the weekend to convention delegates backing Cruz, Ken
Cuccinelli - a top adviser in the Texas senator's campaign - urged delegates to
fight in Cleveland for "the conservative values that Ted Cruz embodies." The
note, bearing the "Cruz '16-Fiorina" insignia and first obtained by The New York
Times, said delegates should try getting on convention committees that will
write the gathering's rules and party platform.

In a Monday night conference call that was essentially a pep talk, Cruz and
Cuccinelli repeated that message and urged delegates to go to Cleveland and
fight for conservative principles, said participants who described the private
call on condition of anonymity.

In an interview, Cuccinelli said supporters would push one platform plank
saying, in effect, "Boys should only be allowed to go in the boys' bathroom, and
girls should only be allowed to go in the girls' bathroom."

The federal Justice Department sued North Carolina on Monday over the state's
law requiring transgender people to use the restroom of the gender on their
birth certificate. Trump has opposed Cruz's proposal that government and
businesses be allowed to provide separate bathrooms for transgender people.

Presidents are not bound by their party platforms and typically ignore planks
that don't fit their agenda once in office. Even so, a showdown could be an
embarrassment Trump would seek to avoid by not pushing divisive changes.

Cuccinelli said the Cruz team was not trying to block Trump's nomination
"because he's on a path to majority, and that's the finish line. That's
victory."

___

OTHER BATTLES

Convention fights could occur over the party's rules.

Cruz backers want rules making the GOP "a grassroots party rather than a
Washington-centric party," Cuccinelli said. He cited existing requirements that
make it harder for some presidential candidates to have their names placed in
nomination at the convention.

In addition, Trump has said he'd like a vice presidential candidate with
government experience.

Yet, as with the platform, delegates can vote as they please in choosing Trump's
running mate. Some opponents suggest they may challenge his choice, either as a
protest or to try forcing him to make a different selection.

Recent GOP conventions have approved vice presidential candidates by acclamation
and no roll call. But if delegates make enough of a fuss, a roll call with
plenty of votes for a rival vice presidential candidate is possible.

"If he wants to dictate who the nominee is" for vice president, "the delegates
may not go along," said Roger Stauter, a Cruz delegate from Madison, Wisconsin,
who said he would never support Trump.

Others said the convention would probably defer to Trump's thinking about a
strategically smart choice.

"He could pick somebody we'd all get pretty excited about," said Shane Goettle,
a Cruz delegate from North Dakota.

___

Associated Press writers Julie Pace and Thomas Beaumont contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1933 words


Trump foes plan to push conservative views at GOP convention

WASHINGTON (AP) - A top adviser from Sen. Ted Cruz's defunct presidential
campaign wants supporters to push a conservative agenda, including limits on the
bathrooms transgender people can use, a fresh example of the headaches Donald
Trump could face at this summer's Republican National Convention.

With Trump's last two rivals -Texas' Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich - abandoning
their campaigns, there's no remaining talk of snatching the presidential
nomination away from Trump with a contested, multiballot convention battle.

Instead, anti-Trump forces are trying to figure out how to use the GOP meeting
in July to keep the billionaire from reshaping the party and its guiding
principles, perhaps with fights over the platform, the rules or even his vice
presidential pick.

Many expect Trump to build momentum as the convention approaches, narrowing his
opponents' options. Even so, here's what may be in store:

___

___

Anxiety over Trump cuts into House Republicans' support

WASHINGTON (AP) - Anxiety over Donald Trump spread among congressional
Republicans Monday, pushing several to follow House Speaker Paul Ryan's lead and
withhold their support from the divisive billionaire. Ryan himself declared
there's no point in trying to "fake" party unity.

"If we go forward pretending that we're unified, then we are going to be at
half-strength this fall," Ryan told The Journal Times in Racine, Wisconsin,
defending his stunning decision last week to refuse to endorse his party's
presumptive presidential nominee.

Still, in interviews with home-state reporters Monday, Ryan denounced the idea
of any Republican launching a third-party or independent candidacy to challenge
Trump, telling the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel it "would be a disaster for our
party."

And Ryan said he'd step aside from the House speaker's traditional role as
chairman of the Republican National Convention if Trump wants him to, a scenario
that Trump left open over the weekend, underscoring the depths of strife now
afflicting a GOP divided against itself.

"He's the nominee. I'll do whatever he wants in respect to the convention," Ryan
said, striking a conciliatory note.

___

10 Things to Know for Tuesday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Tuesday:

1. JUSTICE DEPT., N. CAROLINA SUE EACH OTHER OVER TRANSGENDER LAWS

Billions in federal aid for the state is at stake as the governor refuses to
back away from the law requiring transgender people to use public restrooms and
showers corresponding to the gender on their birth certificate.

2. 'A FIRE LIKE I'VE NEVER SEEN IN MY LIFE'

That's how Fire Chief Darby Allen describes the devastation from a wildfire that
burned 2,400 homes in Fort McMurray, Alberta.

___

2 confirmed dead in Oklahoma as tornadoes hit Plains

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Tornadoes swept across portions of the Plains on Monday,
killing two people in Oklahoma including an elderly man who was inside a home
that was torn apart by one of the violent storms.

An emergency management director said a man believed to be in his upper 70s died
when a tornado hit a home near Wynnewood, south of Oklahoma City. Authorities
also confirmed the death of a man near the town of Connerville, Johnston County
Sheriff's Office Sgt. Stacey Pulley said.

The storm was considered so violent that forecasters declared a "tornado
emergency" for communities in the twister's path.

"You are in a life-threatening situation," forecasters declared while warning
the communities of Roff, population 725, and Hickory, population 71, which were
ultimately spared major damage. "Flying debris will be deadly to those caught
without shelter."

Dana Lance was driving through the Pontotoc County community of Roff on her way
home from work Monday when the skies grew ominous, and she heard tornado sirens
and forecasters on the radio urging people in the area to take cover.

___

Surviving tornadoes doesn't have to be a matter of luck

LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) - Storms swept through the nation's midsection Monday,
spawning numerous tornadoes. While tornadoes can form any time weather
conditions are right, the area from Texas to Nebraska typically sees tornadoes
between April and June.

Here are some items from the nation's tornado history and some tips on how to
stay safe:

DEADLY DAYS

Advances in science and communications have lengthened warning times over the
years, but even then the wrong storm at the wrong place can kill dozens or even
hundreds.

The nation's worst tornado outbreak was only five years ago, on April 27-28,
2011, when 175 tornadoes killed 316 in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee
and Virginia. That series of storms surpassed those of April 3-4, 1974, when 127
tornadoes killed 310, mostly in the Ohio Valley.

___

Effort to impeach Brazil's president thrown into chaos

RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) - The impeachment process against Brazilian President Dilma
Rousseff was thrown into chaos Monday as the acting speaker of the lower Chamber
of Deputies annulled a majority vote by his own colleagues that favored ousting
the embattled leader.

The surprise move by acting Speaker Waldir Maranhao touched off a firestorm of
debate over the move's legality and its possible implications, a standoff that
will likely have to be solved by the country's supreme court.

The Senate had been expected to decide Wednesday whether to accept the
impeachment case against Rousseff and put her on trial for allegedly breaking
fiscal rules in her management of the national budget. If a simple majority of
senators decides in favor, Rousseff will be suspended and Vice President Michel
Temer will take over until a trial is conducted.

Senate Head Renan Calheiros told colleagues he intended to ignore Maranhao's
decision and move forward with the proceedings as scheduled. He slammed the
speaker's action as "toying with democracy."

Whether the Senate would be able to go forward was unclear, since both the
government and opposition were likely to appeal Maranhao's decision. At the very
least, the impeachment process could be pushed back a few days.

___

Alberta PM says Fort McMurray saved from worst of wildfire

FORT MCMURRAY, Alberta (AP) - At least two neighborhoods in this oil sands city
were scenes of utter devastation with incinerated homes leveled to the ground
from a wildfire that Fort McMurray's fire chief called a "beast ... a fire like
I've never seen in my life."

But the wider picture was more optimistic as Fire Chief Darby Allen said 85
percent of Canada's main oil sands city remains intact, including the downtown
district. Alberta's premier declared the city had been saved, adding that
officials hope to provide a schedule within two weeks for thousands of evacuated
residents to begin returning to their homes.

Alberta Premier Rachel Notley said about 2,400 homes and buildings were
destroyed in the city, but firefighters managed to save 25,000 others, including
the hospital, municipal buildings and every functioning school.

"This city was surrounded by an ocean of fire only a few days ago but Fort
McMurray and the surrounding communities have been saved and they will be
rebuilt," Notley said.

Notley got her first direct look at the devastation in Fort McMurray on Monday
after cold temperatures and light rain had stabilized the massive wildfire to a
point where officials could begin planning to get thousands of evacuated
residents back.

___

In Flint crisis, questions grow over quest for pipeline

FLINT TOWNSHIP, Mich. (AP) - With drab olive chairs and worn carpet, the
conference room in the low-slung administrative building near the Genesee County
wastewater treatment plant isn't fancy, but it showcases one of Jeff Wright's
greatest treasures: Permit No. 2009-001.

Wright, a wiry man with trademark moustache and slicked-back hair, is the county
drain commissioner, a title that dates to Michigan's early days of draining
swamps. The job gives him sway over almost everything involving water, from
diverting runoff to building major sewer projects.

The permit framed on the wall will allow a new 74-mile pipeline to draw water
from Lake Huron to the county and its largest city, Flint, the realization of a
dream Wright has nurtured for most of his 15 years in office.

For months, national attention has focused on how children were poisoned with
lead-tainted drinking water in the onetime auto manufacturing powerhouse of
100,000 people. But without the pipeline, the Flint crisis almost certainly
would never have happened. The contamination occurred when Flint switched from
the metropolitan Detroit utility system to a temporary water source, the Flint
River, until it could connect to the new pipeline.

That is raising questions about the $285 million project, which is still under
construction and has yet to deliver a drop of water. A look at its history shows
the pipeline is rooted in local officials' long-simmering resentment toward
much-bigger Detroit, an hour away, and was built because of a resourceful
politician's ambition and perseverance.

___

Theater shooting victims can't cite federal security memo

CENTENNIAL, Colo. (AP) - Victims of a deadly shooting at a Colorado movie
theater can't show jurors a federal security memo, dated months before the
attack, warning theaters that they could be targeted by international
terrorists, a judge ruled Monday.

That dealt a blow to the case against Cinemark, which victims argue should be
held accountable for not doing more to prevent James Holmes' 2012 rampage. The
victims argued Cinemark never shared the U.S. Department of Homeland Security
memo with theater managers, failing to put them on notice to bolster security.

Opening statements are expected Tuesday in the civil trial, where jurors will be
asked to determine whether, in an age of mass shootings, the theater should have
foreseen the possibility of violence. Six jurors and two alternates were
selected Monday.

In the civil case in state court, 28 victims and their families say Cinemark
should have had armed guards at the packed opening of the Batman film "The Dark
Knight Rises" and alarms that would have sounded when James Holmes slipped into
the darkened auditorium through an emergency exit and opened fire, killing 12.

The families, some of whom filled the first rows of the courtroom, say the
theater company knew the midnight blockbuster would attract at least 1,000
people and should have had guards patrolling the parking lot, where they might
have seen Holmes suiting up in head-to-toe body armor in his car. The lawsuit
says theater employees failed to check doors, lacked closed-circuit television
cameras that would have allowed them to spot trouble and did not intervene as
victims lay wounded and dying in the aisles.

___

Golden State's Curry returns in Game 4 against the Blazers

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Reigning NBA MVP Stephen Curry will return from a right
knee sprain for Game 4 of Golden State's playoff series against the Trail
Blazers on Monday night.

Warriors coach Steve Kerr said Curry's return would depend on how he looked in
pregame warmups. Moments later, the star guard did not appear to be hampered by
the sprain he sustained in Game 4 of the first-round series against Houston.

The Warriors announced his availability a short time later but he was not listed
among the starters for the game.

"He's not really under a minutes restriction from (the) training staff," Kerr
said. "It's more what he can handle conditioning-wise."

Curry has not played in the first three games of the Western Conference
semifinals against the Blazers. The Warriors lead the series 2-1.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 10, 2016 Tuesday 12:12 AM GMT

Cruz campaign sued over use of music in videos

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 135 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


SEATTLE (AP) - Sen. Ted Cruz's now-defunct presidential campaign is being sued
over the background music it used in two videos.

Audiosocket, a music licensing company based in Seattle and New Orleans, filed
the lawsuit Monday in U.S. District Court in Seattle against Cruz for President
and the advertising firm Madison McQueen. It says an agreement between
Audiosocket and Madison McQueen expressly barred the use of the songs for
political purposes.

The lawsuit seeks hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages. Neither the Cruz
campaign nor Madison McQueen immediately returned emails seeking comment.

The songs at issue were used in campaign videos titled "Victories" and "Best to
Come."

The Texas senator dropped out of the presidential campaign last week after
losing the GOP primary in Indiana to Donald Trump.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 11, 2016 Wednesday 11:49 PM GMT

Capitol Hill Buzz: Warren, Trump duel again on Twitter

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 590 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Sen. Elizabeth Warren has taken to Twitter again to bash
Donald Trump, the latest in a series of Internet "tweetstorms" calling Trump on
the carpet for his treatment of women and his insults toward her.

The Massachusetts Democrat has far fewer followers than Trump and she is a
cleaner Twitter fighter than the bombastic billionaire. But she is scrappy.

"Your policies are dangerous. Your words are reckless. Your record is
embarrassing. And your free ride is over," @elizabethforma tweeted to her 399K
followers on Wednesday, capping her latest volley.

Warren's Wednesday missives came shortly after @realDonaldTrump lobbed a couple
of anti-Warren tweets to his 8.1M followers. "Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been
one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done
nothing!" Trump tweeted.

A few days ago, Trump bragged on the medium that he was driving her "nuts."

On Wednesday, Warren wrote: "No, @realDonaldTrump - your racism, sexism &
xenophobia doesn't drive me nuts. It makes me sick. And I'm not alone."

___

Dr. Phil is making a House call on drug abuse and foster care. Actually, a House
and Senate call.

The television personality and psychologist - whose real name is Phil McGraw -
plans to meet Thursday with lawmakers to discuss the link between the nation's
growing drug addiction problem and children in foster care. His visit comes as
the House works through a stack of bills aimed at helping prevent and treat
abuse of opioids, which are addictive pain killing medications.

Child advocates say the number of children entering foster care because their
parents have drug problems is growing faster than any other reason they are
removed from their families.

McGraw will be talking to members of the House and Senate foster youth caucuses,
informal organizations where lawmakers discuss the issue. Leaders of those
organizations include Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, and Rep. Karen Bass,
D-Calif.

___

A Republican-run House panel says it is investigating a veteran abortion doctor
who has practiced in Maryland and Nebraska.

The committee said it has issued subpoenas to Dr. LeRoy Carhart and to eight
institutions in Maryland, including hospitals and a local police and fire
department.

Carhart, who has performed what opponents call late-term abortions, has been
targeted in the past by anti-abortion organizations. One group released a
secretly recorded video in 2013 showing him discussing the procedure.

According to his clinic's website, Carhart was an associate of Dr. George
Tiller, a late-term abortion provider in Kansas who was fatally shot by an
abortion foe in 2009.

Republicans created the panel last year in reaction to covertly recorded videos
showing Planned Parenthood officials describing how they sometimes furnish fetal
tissue to researchers. The organization has said it broke no laws and said the
videos were edited misleadingly, and no evidence of illegal action has been
revealed.

Democrats have said the panel, headed by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn., is on a
witch hunt and should be disbanded.

Carhart and the panel's top Democrat, Rep. Jan Schakowsky, D-Ill., did not
immediately return messages seeking comment.

Democratic Reps. Diana DeGette of Colorado and Louise Slaughter of New York, two
leading abortion-rights proponents, called the subpoenas "demagoguery" that they
said would "demonize people performing constitutionally protected health
procedures and exposes all involved to threats and potential violence."

An occasional look at what Capitol Hill is talking about.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 11, 2016 Wednesday 11:11 PM GMT

An unlikely duo, Clinton and Romney challenge Trump on taxes

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words

DATELINE: BLACKWOOD, N.J.


BLACKWOOD, N.J. (AP) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton took
aim at Donald Trump on taxes Wednesday and quickly found an unlikely ally: 2012
Republican nominee Mitt Romney.

Clinton noted at a New Jersey campaign rally that Trump had yet to release his
tax returns and said he would slash taxes for the nation's wealthiest people if
elected president. Hours later, Romney issued a withering post on Facebook,
accusing Trump of hiding a damaging revelation in his tax returns.

"There is only one logical explanation for Mr. Trump's refusal to release his
returns: there is a bombshell in them," Romney wrote. "Given Mr. Trump's
equanimity with other flaws in his history, we can only assume it's a bombshell
of unusual size."

Clinton and Romney called on Trump to release his tax returns following an
Associated Press interview Tuesday, in which the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee said he doesn't have an obligation to release the records
and won't do so until an audit of his finances is completed.

"There's nothing to learn from them," he said in the interview.

While Trump will likely face Clinton in the general election, the Democratic
front-runner took a much softer approach than Romney in New Jersey, which holds
a June 7 primary. When a man in the crowd yelled, "What about his tax returns,"
Clinton said the nominees of both parties typically release them.

Clinton pointed out that she and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, had
put out more than three decades of tax records. "You've got to ask yourself why
doesn't he want to release it," she said.

The state's governor, Trump ally Chris Christie, said it was "ironic" that
Clinton was talking about the issue given her use of a private email address and
server while serving as secretary of state.

"I hardly believe that Hillary Clinton is in any place to be giving a critique
on transparency," he said.

In challenging Trump on taxes, Clinton turned to a well-worn strategy that
President Barack Obama used against Romney in 2012, pressuring him to release
his personal taxes. Romney eventually made public two years of his tax returns.

Romney, who has been critical of Trump's rise in the GOP primaries, rejected
Trump's reasoning for not releasing documents.

"There is nothing that prevents releasing tax returns that are being audited.
Further, he could release returns for the years immediately prior to the years
under audit," Romney wrote.

Clinton delivered a broadside on Trump's plans for the nation's tax code, saying
it would provide $3 trillion in tax cuts for those earning more than $1 million
a year. She said his tax plan was "written by a billionaire for billionaires."

Trump released a tax proposal in September that would reduce the number of tax
brackets to four and envisions a top income tax rate of 25 percent, down from
the current 39.6 percent. Under his plan, no business of any size would pay more
than 15 percent.

While low-income and middle-income earners would also pay less - couples earning
$50,000 or less would send in a one-page form to the IRS declaring, "I win" -
the plan would disproportionately benefit the wealthy as well as Trump himself.

Trump has recently backed away from the plan, describing it as a starting point
for negotiations, and said he would try to do more to help the middle class. And
he has said recently that he would support a higher rate for the wealthy than
the rate he originally proposed.

___

Associated Press writer Michael Catalini contributed to this report from West
Trenton, New Jersey.

___

Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter: https://twitter.com/KThomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 11, 2016 Wednesday 10:45 PM GMT

Democrats eye Trump as way to siphon Nebraska electoral vote

BYLINE: By MARGERY A. BECK, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: OMAHA, Neb.


OMAHA, Neb. (AP) - Democrats in Nebraska, the only state in the past century
that has split its electoral votes between presidential candidates from two
different parties, are hoping to do so again if the GOP remains divided over
presumptive nominee Donald Trump.

Vince Powers, the state's Democratic chairman, predicted Wednesday that Trump
will dampen Republican turnout and drive away minority support in the 2nd
Congressional District - a largely urban area that includes Omaha and its
suburbs.

"Donald Trump is radioactive," Powers said. "He is a sexist and a racist. He
praises tyrants. He criticizes our NATO allies. Every day since he's been
declared the winner, I've had Republicans coming up to me, saying, 'I'm voting
for the Democrat.'"

Although Americans cast their votes for president in November, the choice won't
become official until the next month when the Electoral College convenes. Only
Nebraska and Maine have rules in place to choose their electors based on
congressional district results rather than award them all to the statewide
winner.

In 2008, Barack Obama won the Omaha district while the rest of the state solidly
backed Republican John McCain. It was the first time Nebraska has cast even a
single electoral vote for a Democratic presidential candidate since Lyndon
Johnson won the state in his landslide victory over Barry Goldwater in 1964.

While Nebraska Democrats aren't predicting a statewide win for their eventual
nominee, they think conditions are ripe to again pick off one electoral vote.
And unlike in 2008, the 2nd District is currently represented by a Democrat -
freshman Brad Ashford, the party's only member of Nebraska congressional
delegation.

Statewide, nearly 40 percent of GOP voters in Nebraska's primary on Tuesday
voted for some Republican other than Trump, even though he was the only
candidate on the ballot who remains in the race.

Republicans say they're well aware how badly Democrats covet the Omaha-based
electoral vote and will do everything they can to thwart a split. Some also
acknowledge that Trump might make that harder.

"Trump is rough around the edges. He's bombastic. He has a lot of warts going
into this," said Matt Butler, a partner in a political technology and phone-bank
company and former state GOP finance chairman who is a reluctant Trump
supporter. "But he's starting to send some signals that the reality show bit is
soon going to come to a close. You're going to see him get more serious and get
more focused on policy."

The Electoral College system was established by the Founding Fathers as a
compromise between election of the president by Congress and election by popular
vote. Under the system, each state has a number of presidential electors equal
to the number of its senators and representatives in Congress, and Washington,
D.C., gets three. It takes 270 of the 538 electoral votes to get elected
president.

West Virginia in 1916 was the last state before Nebraska to split its electoral
votes between candidates of opposing parties, when seven of its then eight
electors selected Republican Charles Hughes and one selected Democrat Woodrow
Wilson, according to Dr. George Edwards III, a Texas A&M political science
professor and an expert in the Electoral College.

In 2008, Obama's campaign was credited for the rare split after conducting an
intensive ground effort in the 2nd District, identifying and registering new
voters and targeting young, minority and occasional voters. The campaign also
encouraged extensive early voting and spurred a large Election Day turnout.

The win has been a thorn in the side of Republicans, who have spent decades
trying to reinstate a winner-take-all system for awarding the state's five
electoral votes. They came close earlier this year but were thwarted by a
filibuster just before it won final approval in the Legislature.

Butler dismissed the idea of Nebraska Republicans unhappy with Trump skipping
the general election; he's certain they'll want a chance to reclaim Ashford's
congressional seat and believes GOP challenger Don Bacon, who won easily
Tuesday, will inspire them to vote.

Republicans down on a Trump presidency will come around as the November election
nears, he said.

"As they start to contrast Donald Trump to what the alternative is, they'll ask
themselves, 'What's relatively less terrible than those people?'" he said.
"Well, it's Donald Trump."

___

Associated Press Correspondent Grant Schulte contributed to this story from
Lincoln, Nebraska.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 11, 2016 Wednesday 10:04 PM GMT

If Donald Trump held a concert, who might perform?

BYLINE: By MESFIN FEKADU, AP Music Writer

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - While Elton John and Katy Perry have hit the stage for
Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton, and supporters of opponent
Bernie Sanders include Bonnie Raitt and Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers,
presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's Rolodex of
musicians-slash-friends is short. Really short.

Instead, he's found himself on the flip side of friendship since he announced
his candidacy last summer, with musicians from Adele to the Rolling Stones
asking Trump to stop using their music at rallies and in campaign ads. Despite
that, Trump wants to mix things up during the four-day Republican National
Convention in July, where he says concerts could be useful to break up "plenty
of political speeches."

"The concept of some entertainment from a great singer, a great group I think
would be something maybe to break things up," Trump said in an interview this
week with The Associated Press.

Here's the short list of musicians who could potentially offer their talents at
a Trump event.

___

AARON CARTER

While he's probably struggling to sell concert tickets, Aaron Carter could find
a new platform on a stage for Trump. The baby bro to Backstreet Boys' Nick
Carter first said he was ready to vote for Trump but later changed his mind.
"I've been bullied so badly because of it I don't even want to vote now," he
tweeted. But would Trump endorse Carter singing his 2000 hit "Aaron's Party
(Come Get It)" in 2016? He may not have a choice. He's got slim pickings.

___

KID ROCK

If there's anyone who can make Trump seem sort of hip, it's Kid Rock. The candid
Detroiter, who supported Mitt Romney in 2012, told Rolling Stone magazine that
Trump's campaign was entertaining but he also trusted his business acumen. "Let
the business guy in there. It's not really working too well running it not like
a business," he said.

___

LORETTA LYNN

Following Rock, Loretta Lynn, 84, could easily be the headlining act and
highlight at a Trump concert. In fact, Lynn was predicting a Trump presidency
all the way back in December when she told Billboard that he would be the next
leader of the U.S.

___

WAYNE NEWTON

Wayne Newton, aka Mr. Las Vegas, has made it clear that when it comes to Trump,
he's thinking "Danke Schoen." ''Number one, he tells the truth," Newton told
"Fox and Friends" in October about Trump. "He's been where most of these guys
want to be in terms of riding on his own plane. He doesn't have to worry about
what hotels he stays in. Doesn't have to worry about how his family gets to
Hawaii, so on and so forth."

___

AZEALIA BANKS

Rapper Azealia Banks, like Trump, is outspoken and used to taking heat for her
opinions. In fact, her endorsement of Trump in February was part of a series of
tweets, including one that said "I think Donald trump is evil like America is
evil and in order for America to keep up with itself it needs him." Just one
problem though: it would be difficult to actually name a Banks song as she's
become more famous for her Twitter rants than her music.

____

TILA TEQUILA

Tila Tequila might be best known for her bisexual dating reality show and her
anti-Semitic rants. But yes, she is a singer. Though not a good one. And Tequila
has spoken highly of Trump. They also both have been at the center of
controversy over questionable remarks: Trump was targeted early in his campaign
for calling Latinos coming to the U.S. from Mexico "killers" and "rapists,"
while Tequila called Adolf Hitler a "brilliant artist" and has defended him in
the past.

___

TED NUGENT

"Know it, Donald Trump is the hellraiser America has needed for a very
longtime," rocker and gun-lover Ted Nugent wrote on his Facebook page.

___

This story corrects the spelling of Adolf.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 9:13 PM GMT

AP Interview: Trump down to 5 or 6 choices for VP

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS; Only on AP

LENGTH: 951 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Shifting swiftly to the general election, Donald Trump says he's
narrowed his list of potential running mates to "five or six" people and doesn't
want to accept taxpayer money to finance a fall campaign against likely
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

In a break from recent major party nominees, Trump does not plan to invest
heavily in a data-driven effort to court voters in the fall campaign.

Despite pressure, the billionaire said he doesn't believe he has an obligation
to release his tax returns and won't release them before November unless an
ongoing audit of his finances is completed before Election Day. He said he
wouldn't overrule his lawyers and instruct them to release his returns if the
audit hasn't concluded by then.

"There's nothing to learn from them," Trump said. He also said he doesn't
believe voters are interested.

"Now, I hope it gets finished soon. And if it gets finished soon, I put it out
immediately because there's nothing there. But until you get finished, you
won't," he said.

Trump weighed in on the issue again Wednesday, saying on Twitter: "In interview
I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax
returns when audit is complete, not after election!"

Trump's comments came as he begins to prepare for a long, expensive general
election campaign. His two remaining Republican rivals suddenly dropped out of
the race last week, anointing him the party's presumptive presidential nominee
faster than even the confident candidate expected.

As part of his general election planning, Trump told AP at his office in New
York that he's moving aggressively to identify a running mate with deep
political experience. While he would not provide a full list of names, he did
not rule out New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, the former rival whom he's already
tapped to head his transition planning.

Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is running the vice presidential
vetting effort "with a group," Trump said, that includes former competitor Ben
Carson and himself. "Honestly, we're all running it. It's very much a group
effort," said Trump.

A first-time political candidate, the celebrity businessman said there's no need
for another business person on the Republican ticket and he wants a running mate
who can help him pass legislation as president. By joining forces with a
political veteran, Trump would also signal a willingness to work with the
Republican establishment that he's thoroughly bashed during his campaign.

Trump said he doesn't plan to announce his running mate until the Republican
National Convention in July, a four-day event that he's planning to remake with
a showman's touch.

"The concept of some entertainment from a great singer, a great group I think
would be something maybe to break things up," Trump said. "You'll be hearing
plenty of political speeches."

In the interview, Trump outlined a general election campaign that banks heavily
on his personal appeal and trademark rallies while spurning the kind of
sophisticated data operation that was a centerpiece of Barack Obama's winning
White House runs.

"I've always felt it was overrated," Trump said. "Obama got the votes much more
so than his data processing machine. And I think the same is true with me."

He also effectively ruled out for the first time the option of taking public
financing for his campaign, money that would have saved him the time-consuming
task of raising vast sums but would have dramatically limited the amount he
would have been able to raise.

"I think I've ruled it out, I think so," said Trump. "I don't like the idea of
taking taxpayer money to run a campaign. I think it's inappropriate."

Trump stunned the political world at every turn during the Republican primary
season, prioritizing large rallies over intimate voter interactions in early
voting states and operating with a slim campaign operation. Even as he brings in
new staff for the general election campaign, he says his emphasis will continue
to be on raucous rallies to put him in front of thousands of voters and generate
free media coverage.

"My best investment is my rallies," Trump said. "The people go home, they tell
their friends they loved it. It's been good."

The businessman said he'll spend "limited" money on data operations to identify
and track potential voters and to model various turnout scenarios that could
give him the 270 Electoral College votes needed to win the presidency. He's
moving away from the model Obama used successfully in his 2008 and 2012 wins,
and which Clinton is trying to replicate, including hiring many of the staff
that worked for Obama.

Still, the Republican National Committee has invested heavily in data
operations, eager to avoid another defeat to a more technologically savvy
Democrat. Trump could make use of that RNC data if he wished.

Trump and his aides have been meeting RNC officials this week to discuss the
mechanics of his campaign. He is also planning a trip to Washington on Thursday
to meet party leaders, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, who have had a mixed
reaction to his primary success.

Though Trump has vowed to be tough in taking on Clinton, he also suggested he
might avoid running negative ads against her, saying, "I just don't find them to
be very effective."

"I've had over $100 million in negative ads spent on me and every time it's
boosted my numbers," he said.

As Trump was speaking, however, his campaign posted a new ad on Instagram
assailing Clinton for her response to the attacks on a diplomatic compound in
Benghazi, Libya.

___

Associated Press writer Julie Bykowicz contributed to this report.

___

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Jill Colvin at
http://twitter.com/colvinj

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 9:03 PM GMT

Christie: 'Highly doubtful' he'll be on bridge scandal list

BYLINE: By MICHAEL CATALINI, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: WEST TRENTON, N.J.


WEST TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Wednesday he
thinks it's "highly doubtful" he will be included on a list of unindicted
co-conspirators in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal.

The Republican governor and former presidential candidate said he doesn't think
he's on the list because he didn't know what was going on when former allies
allegedly conspired to close lanes of the bridge for political retribution in
September 2013.

"I don't believe so, but I guess no one knows until they actually put the list
out. But I find it highly doubtful I'd be on that list given I didn't know what
was going on," Christie said at an unrelated news conference. "This is old news
everyone. I'm done with that."

Since withdrawing from the presidential primaries, Christie has become one of
Donald Trump's key supporters and was chosen by the presumptive Republican
nominee to lead his transition team if he's elected.

U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton said Tuesday it's in the public's interest
for the government to disclose the list. The ruling came after a lawsuit filed
by media organizations, including The Associated Press. On Wednesday, Wigenton
gave prosecutors until noon Friday to release the list.

The government had opposed the list's release arguing that the uncharged third
parties would not have a chance to vindicate themselves at trial and that their
privacy outweighed the public's right to know their identities. The Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey, which oversees the bridge operations, also
opposed the disclosure.

The judge rejected arguments that the privacy of those on the list was at risk.
She also wrote that cases involving allegations of violations of the public
trust increase the people's need to monitor proceedings.

Christie's former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and former Port Authority
of New York and New Jersey official Bill Baroni were indicted last spring on
wire fraud and civil rights deprivation charges. They're accused of creating
traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge, which connects Fort Lee and New
York City and is one of the busiest in the world, to punish a Democratic mayor
for not endorsing Christie for governor. The lane closures caused four days of
massive traffic jams. The two have pleaded not guilty in the case.

Christie hasn't been charged and has denied knowledge of the scheme. A
taxpayer-funded report he commissioned also absolved him of wrongdoing.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 5:32 PM GMT

Ryan's hometown says he's doing the 'best he can' on Trump

BYLINE: By BRYNA GODAR, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 655 words

DATELINE: JANESVILLE, Wis.


JANESVILLE, Wis. (AP) - Voters in House Speaker Paul Ryan's southern Wisconsin
district see him as the last and best hope for bridging the Republican Party's
divide.

But ahead of Ryan's Thursday meeting with Donald Trump, they concede he's
unlikely to succeed in tempering the presumptive Republican presidential
nominee.

"He's too much of a loose cannon," 53-year-old Mike McCann said of Trump.

In Ryan's hometown of Janesville, Republicans and Democrats alike mostly found
no fault with Ryan's stunning comments last week that he's "just not ready" to
back Trump. Ryan told reporters at a news conference Wednesday that the party
needs a "real unification."

"We have to be at full strength to win this election," Ryan said.

Voters in his district don't see Ryan facing any consequences for his stance in
his re-election bid against a longshot primary challenger, but neither do they
see Ryan persuading Trump to tone down his provocative rhetoric or otherwise
fall in line with the party.

"I think he's a very smart, reasonable, honorable man, who is trying to get his
party organized and whole again," Lynn Westphal, a 55-year-old nurse and
self-described independent, said of Ryan.

In an interview at a Main Street cafe just across from Ryan's Janesville office,
Westphal said she thought Ryan was handling the situation "the best he can."
Patty Schumacher, a 59-year-old banker and independent, agreed.

"It's going to take a bigger push than just him," she said.

Her sister, 61-year-old Maryanne Kessel, chimed in: "But he's a good one to lead
it."

Ryan was first elected to the House in 1998 and represents the southeast corner
of the state along the Illinois border. He was tapped to be Mitt Romney's
running mate in 2012 and was elected House speaker in October.

His hometown of Janesville is a Democratic, blue-collar, union city in Rock
County, still reeling from the closure of its General Motors plant in 2009. The
downtown has lost its vibrancy, and the main employers are now Mercy Health
System, the school district and the county. The town of around 65,000 is
peppered with people who are Ryan's old high school buddies, are friends with
his wife or worked on his campaign.

"What I like about Paul is he calls a spade a spade," said Dave Dobson, who
leans Democratic but said he would back Ryan for president if he entered the
race. "He doesn't play political games."

Dobson, a siding and window contractor, poured two overflowing spoons of sugar
into his coffee as he joined his friends at the counter of Citrus Cafe. MSNBC
played above the bar, running coverage of Ryan telling a reporter earlier that
morning that he would step down as chairman of the Republican National
Convention if Trump wants.

Miguel Maravillo, a 40-year-old worker at a Mexican grocery store in Janesville
who criticized Trump's generalizations about immigrants, said it was brave of
Ryan to voice his hesitation. Maravillo said in Spanish that many people
criticize Trump in private, but they don't say it "to the four winds."

Trump didn't do all that well in the district, finishing well behind Ted Cruz in
the state's April presidential primary. And even the Trump supporters here had
few harsh words for Ryan.

"I think we need Ryan on board, but I understand," said Kevin Anderson, a
49-year-old welder who lives in Beloit, just south of Janesville.

In a series of interviews here, no one gave much of a chance to Ryan's primary
challenger, businessman Paul Nehlen, even though Sarah Palin vowed to work
against Ryan.

In fact, many said they still held out hope that Ryan would change his mind and
join the presidential race. That included Anderson, the Trump backer.

"I almost wanted it to go to a contested convention," Anderson said.

But McCann, a pharmacist who usually votes Republican, says he is holding out
for a Ryan candidacy in 2020.

"I don't think this is his time yet," McCann said.

___

Follow Bryna Godar on Twitter at https://twitter.com/bgodar

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 5:11 PM GMT

London mayor says he'll be voice of city, not just Muslims

BYLINE: By DANICA KIRKA, Associated

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - In the 100 hours since he became London's first Muslim mayor,
Sadiq Khan has tussled with Donald Trump, forged a bond with his Paris
counterpart, visited a Holocaust memorial and even given bus riders a break on
fares.

Khan has been swept into the whirlwind of being the new leader of this global
city - a job that also catapulted him to worldwide recognition because of his
faith. But he says what's important is being the voice of this polyglot city,
which contains Sikhs, Jews, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus and atheists as well as
Christians - to name but a few - within its ranks.

"I'm not a Muslim leader or a Muslim spokesperson," he said. "I'm the mayor of
London."

Khan, the son of Pakistani immigrants and a member of the Labour Party,
triumphed despite a Conservative campaign that sought to depict him as being
sympathetic to Islamic extremists.

To counter a message of division, Khan offered tolerance and said the
opportunities granted to him by Britain - through subsidized housing, school and
medical care - helped him to succeed.

Khan still sees that in "the current climate" he has a "responsibility to remind
people that mainstream Islam is compatible with western liberal values."

He's also not shy about reminding people that no one thing defines who they are.

But he expressed surprise at what he described as the ignorance of Trump and his
advisers, who recently suggested the United States should temporarily ban
Muslims from entering the country. Trump suggested this week that he'd make an
exception for Khan.

"The idea of making an exception for me because I'm the mayor of London
demonstrates how little they understand about the comments that he's made," he
said. "There are business people here in London who want to do business in
America, who happen to be of Islamic faith. There are children who want to go to
Disneyland. ...they're Londoners, they're British and they're of Islamic faith."

Khan said Trump is "playing into the hands of extremists."

But as a spring downpour cascaded outside the glass-framed building that is
London' City Hall, Khan described an administration that would govern a city
proud of its diversity.

"Hope does trump fear, if you will forgive the pun," Khan said.

He pledged a vigorous campaign to keep Britain in the European Union - even if
it means working closely with a Conservatives. Thousands of jobs are at stake in
London. His new friend, Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, teased him by saying she'd
roll out the red carpet for any companies who might want to re-locate should
Britain decide to leave the 28-nation bloc in the June 23 referendum.

He's got a raft of other issues to face, such as London's air quality, but as
the son of a bus driver, he decided to start out with a fare break for frequent
travel on London's famous red double-deckers. His voice warmed as he described
the move, which has already gone into effect.

He also offered some advice for American voters.

"It's worth reminding my friends and cousins in America that actually London had
a choice last Thursday. Londoners could have chosen the politics of fear ...
they chose not to." he said. "If that's a template for America, I'm really happy
to help."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 3:51 PM GMT

Clinton on track despite sound defeat by Sanders in WV

BYLINE: By LISA LERER and KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE, Ky.


LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Bernie Sanders has won his 19th state, only four short of
Hillary Clinton's tally, but that's not the gap that counts.

Despite his decisive victory in West Virginia on Tuesday, winning 51 percent of
the vote to her 36 percent, Sanders trails nearly hopelessly in the contest for
delegates needed to secure the Democratic presidential nomination.

Clinton is in the mop-up phase now, 94 percent of the way to the magic number
when the party insiders known as superdelegates are included, and on track to
clinch the nomination in early June.

Republican Donald Trump is closing in on his prize, too, 92 percent of the way
there after wins in West Virginia and Nebraska on Tuesday - in a field with no
rivals left.

Sanders is vowing to fight on. He campaigned in Oregon and California on Tuesday
and his victory in West Virginia highlighted anew Clinton's struggles to win
over white men and independents - weaknesses Trump wants to exploit in the fall
campaign.

"Let me be as clear as I can be, we are in the campaign to win the Democratic
nomination," Sanders said at a campaign event in Salem, Oregon. "We are going to
fight for every last vote."

Among those voting in the West Virginia Democratic primary, about a third said
they would support Trump over either Clinton or Sanders in November. An
additional 2 in 10 said they wouldn't vote for either candidate. But 4 in 10
also said they consider themselves to be independents or Republicans, and not
Democrats, according to exit polls.

While Sanders is still attracting thousands to rallies, his campaign has grown
more difficult as Clinton closes in on the nomination. His fundraising has
fallen off and so, too, has his advertising, with only about $525,000 in ads
planned for California and $63,000 each in West Virginia and Oregon, according
to advertising tracker Kantar Media's CMAG.

That's a significant decline from the wall-to-wall advertising campaign he ran
earlier in the primary, during which his $74 million in ads outspent Clinton by
$14 million.

Edward Milam, of Cross Lanes, West Virginia, is a self-described socialist who
gave money to the Sanders campaign but his vote Tuesday to Clinton.

"After about six-seven months of debating and watching, I think Hillary has a
lot more to offer than Bernie internationally," the 68-year-old retiree said. "I
think she handles herself well. I've known about her for 30 years, just like
everybody else has. I don't think there will be any surprises."

Even as the primaries continue, Clinton has largely shifted her focus to the
general election.

"I don't care about what he says about me," she said of Trump in Louisville,
Kentucky, on Tuesday night. "But I do resent what he says about other people,
other successful women, women who have worked hard, women who have done their
part."

___

Lerer reported from Washington. Associated Press writers John Raby in West
Virginia and Josh Funk and Grant Schulte in Nebraska contributed to this report.

___

Follow Lisa Lerer and Ken Thomas on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/llerer and
http://twitter.com/kthomasdc

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 2:37 PM GMT

Ryan ahead of Thursday meeting with Donald Trump: Party needs to be unified to
defeat Hillary Clinton

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 20 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Ryan ahead of Thursday meeting with Donald Trump: Party needs
to be unified to defeat Hillary Clinton.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 1:29 PM GMT

Divine intervention? Indian Hindus ask gods to help Trump

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 212 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI (AP) - Donald Trump may find it tough to get Republican leaders behind
his campaign, but he's got some faraway fans trying to get the gods on his side.

Around a dozen members of a right-wing Indian Hindu group lit a ritual fire and
chanted mantras Wednesday asking the Hindu gods to help Trump win the U.S.
presidential election.

While Trump has dominated the Republican primary race to decide the party's
candidate for the November election, his calls for temporarily banning Muslims
from America and cracking down on extremist groups abroad have earned him some
fans in India.

"The whole world is screaming against Islamic terrorism, and even India is not
safe from it," said Vishnu Gupta, founder of the Hindu Sena nationalist group.
"Only Donald Trump can save humanity."

Members of the group gathered on a blanket spread out in a New Delhi protest
park along with a collection of statues depicting gods including Shiva and
Hanuman - as well as photos of a smiling Trump.

Above them hung a banner declaring support for Trump "because he is hope for
humanity against Islamic terror."

The group chanted Sanskrit prayers asking the gods to favor Trump in the
election, and threw offerings such as seeds, grass and ghee - or clarified
butter - into a small ritual fire.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 8:28 AM GMT

Trump campaign blames computer error for delegate mix-up

BYLINE: By MICHAEL R. BLOOD and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Donald Trump's campaign said a computer error resulted in a
prominent white nationalist being mistakenly included on a list of his potential
California delegates, an embarrassment for a candidate who has been criticized
before for being too slow to distance himself from former Ku Klux Klan leader
David Duke.

The campaign said in a statement Tuesday that the name has been withdrawn and a
corrected list resubmitted to state officials.

Trump California director Tim Clark released a statement blaming a "database
error" for the inclusion of William Johnson, which said he been rejected and
removed from the campaign's list in February 2016.

Johnson, a white nationalist leader and Trump supporter, told The Associated
Press that he received an email from Clark earlier Tuesday informing him that
his name had been "erroneously listed" as a delegate. Johnson runs the American
National Super PAC, which made automated phone calls supporting Trump's
candidacy across the country.

The Los Angeles attorney told the AP it had been a mistake for him to submit his
name for consideration. In California, Republican candidates pick potential
delegates to the GOP's summer convention. They are selected based on the outcome
of voting in the state's June 7 primary.

"I was naive," Johnson said. "I thought people wouldn't notice, and if they did
notice I didn't think it would be a big deal." He added that he is resigning
from his role as delegate, effective immediately.

Johnson's appearance on the list was first reported by Mother Jones magazine.

Previously, Trump has drawn criticism for hesitating before denouncing former Ku
Klux Klan leader David Duke, who said not voting for Trump was "treason to your
heritage."

Johnson said he never disclosed his white nationalist beliefs in his
application.

"You answer the questions that they ask, and they asked, 'What have you done to
support Donald Trump?' They didn't ask, 'Are you a white nationalist?" he said.

Trump "wants to build the wall (along the border with Mexico). He wants to cut
off illegal immigration, and he wants to cut back on foreign trade, bring jobs
back to America," Johnson added. "We believe Donald Trump will help lead the
country in a proper direction."

Sam Mahood, a spokesman for the California Secretary of State's Office, said the
Trump campaign attempted to submit a revised list of delegates to the office
Tuesday, a day after the deadline. It was rejected.

However, Mahood said state election law allows candidates to submit a list of
alternates within 30 days after the June 7 primary. He said it would be up to
the Republican National Committee or the state Republican Party to set the
process for replacing a delegate with an alternate.

___

Colvin reported from New York. Associated Press writer Bob Jablon in Los Angeles
also contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 7:51 AM GMT

Exit poll: Independents propel Sanders in West Virginia

BYLINE: By CHAD DAY and TAMMY WEBBER, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Independents and younger voters propelled Vermont Sen. Bernie
Sanders to a victory over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the West
Virginia Democratic primary Tuesday night.

In a state where a significant portion of Democratic primary voters said they
were not Democrats, Sanders was supported by nearly 6 in 10 self-described
independents.

On the GOP side, presumptive nominee Donald Trump steamrolled through the West
Virginia and Nebraska primaries, victories boosted by majorities of Republican
voters who say they're optimistic or excited about the possibility of a Trump
presidency.

In Nebraska's Republican primary, the overwhelmingly majority say their party is
divided and a significant portion of them don't see that as changing by
November.

Those are among the findings from exit polls conducted for The Associated Press
and television networks by Edison Research.

Other highlights from the exit polls:

___

TRUMP'S BASE

Most West Virginia Republicans feel good about the possibility of a Trump
presidency.

More than 7 in 10 say they're excited or optimistic about what he would do, and
about 8 in 10 West Virginia Republicans say they would vote for Trump in a
general election matchup against Clinton.

About 6 in 10 GOP voters in the state say it's very likely the billionaire would
beat Clinton in West Virginia in the general election. About a quarter say it's
somewhat likely.

___

DEMOCRATS IN NAME ONLY

A third of West Virginia Democratic primary voters say they identify as
independents, and nearly 6 in 10 of those voters supported Sanders.

Overall, less than 6 in 10 of those voting in that state's Democratic primary
say they're Democrats.

The exit polls also illuminated another bloc of voters: those who voted for
Sanders on Tuesday but would abandon him if he faced Trump in November.

About a third of West Virginia Democratic primary voters would choose Trump in
general election matchups with either Sanders or Clinton.

Of those who would choose Trump in the general election, the majority voted for
Sanders on Tuesday.

___

ECONOMIC WORRIES

In West Virginia, voters from both parties in Tuesday's presidential primary are
united on two things: They see the economy as the top issue facing the country,
and they think trade is taking American jobs.

More than half of voters in both West Virginia primaries say the economy is the
top issue facing the country. About 6 in 10 voters in the Democratic primary say
they're very worried about the economy and 3 in 10 say they're somewhat worried.

About two-thirds of the state's Republican primary voters and more than half of
Democratic primary voters say trade with other countries mostly takes jobs from
American workers.

In Nebraska, half of Republican primary voters say trade takes jobs, while about
a third say it creates them.

Just 3 in 10 Nebraska GOP voters say the economy is the top issue facing the
country. Another 3 in 10 say government spending, 2 in 10 say terrorism and less
than 2 in 10 say immigration.

___

PARTY DIVIDE

Most West Virginia Republicans see their party as divided, but few think it will
remain that way in November. Only 1 in 10 think their party is united now, but
more than half think it will unite by November. More than 3 in 10 think it will
remain divided.

In Nebraska, hardly any GOP primary voters think their party is united, and
they're less optimistic than West Virginians about that changing.

More than 9 in 10 Nebraska Republican primary voters say their party is divided,
and more than 4 in 10 say it will remain that way through the general election.
Just under half of the state's GOP primary voters think their party will unite
by November.

___

The surveys were conducted for The Associated Press and television networks by
Edison Research as voters left their polling places at 25 randomly selected
sites in West Virginia and 20 in Nebraska.

Preliminary results include interviews with 763 Democratic primary voters and
712 Republican primary voters in West Virginia, and with 1,079 Republican
primary voters in Nebraska. The results among all those voting in each contest
have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 5 percentage points in West
Virginia and plus or minus 4 percentage points in Nebraska.

___

Associated Press writer Emily Swanson contributed to this report.

___

Follow Chad Day and Tammy Webber on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/chadsday and
http://twitter.com/twebber02

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 167 words


"I've always felt it was overrated. Obama got the votes much more so than his
data processing machine. And I think the same is true with me." - Donald Trump
to The Associated Press as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee is
planning a general election campaign that banks heavily on his personal appeal
and trademark rallies.

___

"We have a nominee, it looks like he may well be very competitive, and we want
to win the White House. We know that Hillary Clinton will be four more years of
Barack Obama. I think that's going to in the end be enough to unify Republicans
across the country." - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell as key Senate
Republicans voiced optimism about Donald Trump's presidential prospects in
November.

___

"He will not revisit the decision to use the atomic bomb at the end of World War
II." - Deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes after it was announced that
President Barack Obama this month will become the first sitting American
president to visit Hiroshima.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 5:32 AM GMT

The Latest: Sanders vows to keep fight for nomination alive

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2150 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential campaign (all times
local):

1:15 a.m.

Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is celebrating his primary win
in West Virginia, telling a rally in Salem, Oregon that "we have an uphill climb
ahead of us but we are used to fighting uphill climbs."

Sanders said to loud cheers Tuesday evening that a host of polls, both
nationally and in various states, shows he'd do better than Hillary Clinton in a
fall election campaign against Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

The Vermont senator declared that "we are going to fight for every last vote"
and will take his campaign to the party's convention in Philadelphia in July.

Sanders is netting five delegates more than Clinton after winning West Virginia.

With 29 delegates at stake Tuesday, Sanders gained at least 16 delegates while
Clinton picked up at least 11. Two delegates remain to be allocated, pending
final vote tallies. Based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton has 1,716
delegates to Sanders' 1,430.

___

10:14 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump calls it a "great
honor" to win primary elections in West Virginia and Nebraska.

The billionaire businessman says in a statement after Tuesday's elections that
his time campaigning in both states was a wonderful and "enlightening"
experience.

Trump says, "I learned a lot, and that knowledge will be put to good use towards
the creation of businesses, jobs and the strengthening and revival of their
economies."

Trump says he plans to return to both states soon, and win them in the general
election this November.

___

9:49 p.m.

Hillary Clinton has won the Democratic presidential primary in Nebraska, but
it's a victory for the Democratic front-runner that won't get her any closer to
clinching her party's nomination.

That's because Nebraska allocated all 25 of its delegates to this summer's
Democratic National Convention in a caucus held on March 5 that was won by the
Vermont senator.

He took home 15 delegates from that caucus, while Clinton won 10.

Earlier Tuesday, Sanders won the Democratic primary in West Virginia.

But even with that win, he's far behind Clinton in the all-important delegate
count.

When including the party officials known as superdelegates who can back any
candidate, Clinton has 2,238 delegates - or 94 percent of the 2,383 needed to
win. Sanders has 1,468.

___

9:24 p.m.

Bernie Sanders has added another state to his tally against Hillary Clinton with
a win in West Virginia, but it's a victory that will do little to slow his
rival's steady march toward the Democratic presidential nomination.

Clinton entered the night fewer than 200 delegates shy of the 2,383 she needs to
secure the nomination. To win it, she needs just 17 percent of the delegates at
stake in the remaining contests.

That means she could lose all the states left to vote by a landslide and still
emerge as the nominee, so long as all of her supporters among the party insiders
known as superdelegates continue to back her.

Clinton has already largely shifted her focus to the general election and the
presumptive GOP nominee, Donald Trump.

__

9:06 p.m.

Donald Trump has picked up all 36 delegates available in Nebraska's Republican
presidential primary, giving him 89 percent of the delegates needed to win the
GOP's nomination for president.

Trump is the only candidate left in the race and is the party's presumptive
nominee, although other candidates were still listed on the ballot in Tuesday's
primary elections in Nebraska and West Virginia.

The billionaire businessman won at least three delegates in West Virginia. The
other 31 delegates in West Virginia are elected directly by voters. Their names
appear on the ballot, along with the presidential candidate they support.

____

9 p.m.

Donald Trump has won the Republican presidential primary in Nebraska, a second
victory in Tuesday's elections for the presumptive GOP nominee.

Among his backers in the state was Don Fricke, a 76-year-old dentist from
Lincoln. He says he voted for Trump because the billionaire businessman is a
political outsider.

Fricke says he wants a candidate who will work to lower taxes and defend the
country by strengthening the military, and he sees those qualities in Trump.

He adds that he thinks Trump has "a very good chance" against likely Democratic
nominee Hillary Clinton in the general election. Fricke says of Clinton,
"Hillary's got too much baggage."

__

8:02 p.m.

Donald Trump's victory in West Virginia means he will get at least three
delegates.

The 31 other delegates in West Virginia are elected directly by voters. Their
names appear on the ballot, along with the presidential candidate they support.

Republican voters are also going to the polls in Nebraska on Tuesday. Nebraska
will award all 36 of its delegates to the statewide winner.

With 1,071 delegates, Trump has 87 percent of the delegates needed to win the
Republican nomination for president. With no major rivals left in the race, he
is already the party's presumptive nominee.

___

7:48 p.m.

Donald Trump's campaign says a computer problem resulted in a prominent white
nationalist being included on a list of his potential California delegates.

The campaign says the name has been withdrawn and a corrected list resubmitted
to state officials.

Trump's California director, Tim Clark, says in a statement Tuesday that a
"database error" was at fault.

The campaign says potential delegate William Johnson had been rejected and
removed from the campaign's list in February.

Johnson's appearance on the list was first reported by Mother Jones magazine.

Johnson is a Trump supporter who tells The Associated Press that he received an
email from Clark earlier Tuesday informing him that his name had been
"erroneously listed" as a delegate.

In California, Republican candidates pick potential delegates to the GOP's
summer convention. They are selected based on the outcome of voting in the
state's June 7 primary.

___

7:30 p.m.

Donald Trump has won the Republican presidential primary in West Virginia,
adding to his claim on the GOP's nomination.

The billionaire businessman became the party's presumptive nominee after his
victory last week in Indiana, which led his last remaining rivals to drop out of
the race.

Anne Ashley is a 66-year-old substitute teacher's aide from Scott Depot, West
Virginia. She and her husband Jim say they were supporters of one of those
former rivals, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.

On Tuesday, they voted for Trump.

Anne Ashley says she thinks Trump is "becoming more aware of the gravity of
becoming president and becoming more composed."

Jim Ashley says now that Trump is the presumptive nominee, it's time for him to
unify the Republican Party and to bring other candidates that ran against him
into the fold. He says Trump "thinks 'I can do it on my own,' but he's wrong."

___

6:41 p.m.

Hillary Clinton predicts Republicans will "throw everything including the
kitchen sink at me" in the general election, but the Democratic front-runner has
a message for them.

She says, "They've done it for 25 years and I'm still standing."

Clinton says at a campaign event in Louisville, Kentucky, on Tuesday that she
looks forward to debating presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.

Clinton is urging Kentucky voters to "have a big vote" next week in the state's
presidential primary to help her campaign "get ready to go all the way to
November."

Clinton was rallying supporters in Louisville shortly before the polls were
closing in West Virginia's primary. She made no mention of the West Virginia
race, where she faces Democratic rival Bernie Sanders.

___

5:50 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is scheduled to appear
later this week at a fundraiser for Republicans on Long Island.

Trump is headlining the Nassau County Republican Committee's annual "Patriots
Reception" on Wednesday. Tickets to the event are $200 each.

The fundraiser was scheduled before Trump took control of the nomination process
with a win last week in Indiana.

It comes amid negotiations between the celebrity businessman and the Republican
National Committee about fundraising for the general election.

To this point, Trump has self-funded much of his campaign. He told The
Associated Press on Tuesday that he's leaning against accepting public financing
of his campaign.

___

5:27 p.m.

Many West Virginians voting in the state's presidential primary say they see the
economy as the top issue facing the country, and they think trade is costing
America jobs.

More than half of West Virginia Republicans and nearly two-thirds of Democratic
voters casting ballots on Tuesday say the economy is the top issue facing the
country.

That's according to early findings from exit polls conducted for The Associated
Press and television networks by Edison Research.

In the West Virginia Democratic primary, 7 in 10 say they're very worried about
the economy and another 2 in 10 say they're somewhat worried.

Majorities of voters in both primaries say trade with other countries mostly
takes jobs from American workers.

___

5:12 p.m.

West Virginia is holding a Democratic primary election on Tuesday, but a
significant portion of voters choosing between Hillary Clinton and Bernie
Sanders say they don't identify as Democrats.

About 4 in 10 voters in the state's Democratic primary say they consider
themselves to be an independent or Republican. That's according to early
findings from exit polls conducted for The Associated Press and television
networks by Edison Research.

Among those voting in West Virginia's Democratic primary, about a third say they
would support presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump over either Clinton or
Sanders in November's general election.

An additional 2 in 10 say they wouldn't vote for Trump, Clinton or Sanders this
fall.

___

5:05 p.m.

GOP runner-up Ted Cruz has returned to the Senate, promising to roll up his
sleeves and take on "the issues that were the heart of our presidential
campaign."

What the Texas Republican is yet unwilling to promise is an endorsement of
presumptive nominee Donald Trump.

Asked about endorsing Trump, Cruz said: "What I am interested in supporting are
free-market principles and the constitutional liberties of America."

Cruz addressed a media throng outside his Senate office Tuesday afternoon before
being greeted by an ovation from his staff.

He is widely unpopular among his Senate colleagues. Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell was asked whether he's going to be working more closely with Cruz than
he has in the past. McConnell replied, I'm happy to have him back and you ought
to ask him that."

___

4:40 p.m.

Hillary Clinton says presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump would lead a
"race to the bottom" on the economy, to the detriment of working families.

Clinton knocked Trump at a Tuesday campaign event in Louisville, Kentucky,
saying that Trump has argued Americans are being paid too much and has talked
about getting rid of the federal minimum wage.

The Democratic presidential candidate says Trump would leave the minimum wage
"to the mercy of Republican governors."

Clinton made no mention of Democratic rival Bernie Sanders hours before polls
close in West Virginia's Democratic primary.

She says with Trump, "you would see a race to the bottom across our country with
working families paying the price."

The former secretary of state outlined steps during her visit to Kentucky to
help workers pay for child care.

___

4:25 p.m.

Donald Trump says he's narrowed his list of potential running mates to "five or
six people," all with deep political resumes.

In an interview Tuesday with The Associated Press, the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee said he has not ruled out New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -
a former rival who has embraced the billionaire's campaign with gusto.

Trump says said he's prioritizing political experience, because he wants a vice
president to help him "with legislation, getting things through" Washington if
he wins the White House.

Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer are among the
Republicans who have suggested they would be open to joining Trump on the GOP
ticket.

Others have ruled out being considered, including Trump's former primary rival,
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.

___

4 p.m.

Vice President Joe Biden is predicting that Hillary Clinton will win the
Democratic Party's nomination and says he feels confident that she'll be the
next president.

Biden's remarks come in an interview with ABC's "Good Morning America" that will
be broadcast later Tuesday and Wednesday morning.

Biden's comments go further than President Barack Obama has in predicting the
outcome of the Democratic primary. Obama has offered no predictions and says
that the process should be allowed to play itself out.

Clinton is engaged in a tougher-than-expected primary with Sen. Bernie Sanders,
though she is nearing winning the total number of delegates needed to secure the
nomination.

______

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 3:30 AM GMT

Eager to heal old wounds, Obama to visit Hiroshima

BYLINE: By NANCY BENAC, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 873 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Eager to heal old wounds and galvanize new generations,
President Barack Obama this month will become the first sitting American
president to visit Hiroshima, where seven decades ago the U.S. dropped the
devastating atomic bomb that ushered in the nuclear age.

By visiting the peace park near the epicenter of the 1945 attack, the president
hopes to reinvigorate efforts worldwide to eliminate nuclear weapons. But in a
sign of the extraordinary political sensitivities attached to the gesture, the
White House is going out of its way to stress Obama will not come bearing an
apology.

Deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said flatly: "He will not revisit
the decision to use the atomic bomb at the end of World War II." Instead, Rhodes
said in a statement, Obama will spotlight the toll of war and offer a
"forward-looking vision" of a non-nuclear world.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who will accompany Obama on the visit, said
no apology is expected - or necessary.

"The prime minister of the world's only nation to have suffered atomic attacks,
and the leader of the world's only nation to have used the atomic weapons at war
will together pay respects for the victims," Abe told reporters. "I believe that
would be a way to respond to the victims of the atomic bombings and the
survivors who are still in pain."

The U.S. attack on Hiroshima on Aug. 6, 1945, killed 140,000 people. A second
bomb, dropped on Nagasaki three days later, killed 70,000. The bombings scarred
generations of Japanese, both physically and mentally, but many Americans
believe they hastened the end of World War II and saved countless other lives.
Japan announced it would surrender on Aug. 15.

As for Obama's visit, the Japanese people are ready for this moment, seven
decades in the making.

In a NHK television poll this month, 70 percent of Japanese respondents said
they wanted Obama to visit, compared to 2 percent against it.

Survivors, especially, have long been waiting. The number of survivors who are
recognized as "hibakusha" and entitled to medical assistance from the Japanese
government was more than 183,000 as of March. Their average age is now over 80.

"The day has finally come," said 91-year-old Sunao Tsuboi, a survivor of the
bombing and head of a survivors group in the western Japanese city.

"We are not asking for an apology," Tsuboi told NHK. "All we want is to see him
lay flowers at the peace park and lower his head in silence. This would be a
first step toward abolishing nuclear weapons."

The president's visit, at the end of a previously announced trip to Japan and
Vietnam, has been widely anticipated since Secretary of State John Kerry went to
the Hiroshima memorial in April.

Hiroshima Mayor Kazumi Matsui praised Obama's plan as a "bold decision based on
conscience and rationality" and said he hopes the president will listen to
survivors' stories. Nagasaki Mayor Tomihisa Taue said the president would "send
a powerful message, in his own words, toward achieving a world without nuclear
weapons."

Obama's call for a nuclear-free world echoes the message delivered by former
President Jimmy Carter when he visited Hiroshima in 1984 and pledged to work as
a private citizen "to eliminate nuclear weapons from the face of the earth."

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said it was "entirely legitimate" for
historians and the American public to debate whether President Harry Truman's
decision to drop the bomb was the right thing to do.

"But that's not what President Obama will do when he visits Hiroshima," Earnest
said. "What President Obama will do is make note of the fact that the
relationship between the United States and Japan has emerged stronger than
anybody could have imagined back in 1945."

For all of the symbolism associated with Obama's visit, anti-nuclear groups said
a powerful presidential message was not enough: The president who delivered a
stirring call for a nuclear-free world in a Prague address during the first year
of his presidency needs to use his last year to take more specific steps, they
said.

The president should "use the opportunity to map out concrete actions the United
States and other countries can and will pursue to move closer to a world free of
nuclear weapons," said Daryl Kimball, executive director of the non-partisan
Arms Control Association.

Kevin Martin, president of Peace Action, a U.S.-based group, added that Obama
"will look insincere if his words espouse ridding the world of nuclear weapons
while at the same time his administration continues its plan to spend a trillion
dollars over 30 years to upgrade nuclear weapons."

The Congressional Budget Office estimated in January 2015 that the
administration's plans for nuclear forces would cost $348 billion over the next
decade. Others have said it could approach $1 trillion over three decades.

Obama's visit comes as the nuclear debate has been percolating in the 2016
campaign to select his successor, with GOP presumptive nominee Donald Trump
floating the idea of allowing South Korea and Japan to acquire nuclear weapons.

___

Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo and AP researcher Monika Mathur
contributed to this report.

___

Follow Nancy Benac on Twitter at http://twitter.com/nbenac

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2004 words


Key Republicans swing behind Trump; he takes 2 primaries

WASHINGTON (AP) - Key Senate Republicans voiced optimism Tuesday about Donald
Trump's presidential prospects in November, the clearest signal yet to the GOP
rank and file to unite behind him and turn their energy against Democrat Hillary
Clinton. But it was uncertain whether the doubters could be quieted.

Trump added two more primaries to his column, taking West Virginia and Nebraska.
Clinton lost West Virginia to Sen. Bernie Sanders, who refuses to bow out as
Trump's GOP foes have, but that hardly dented her huge Democratic delegate lead.
Clinton won in Nebraska, but those delegates had already been allocated in an
earlier caucus won by Sanders.

The presidential race was on lawmakers' minds on Capitol Hill, too.

"We have a nominee, it looks like he may well be very competitive, and we want
to win the White House," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., told
reporters. He also said, "We know that Hillary Clinton will be four more years
of Barack Obama. I think that's going to in the end be enough to unify
Republicans across the country."

Still, doubt and angst over Trump remained palpable as GOP lawmakers returned
from a weeklong recess that saw him effectively clinch the presidential
nomination. For some, the question of whether they were backing their party's
standard-bearer - a no-brainer in a normal election year - proved too much to
answer.

___

AP Interview: Trump says big rallies his key campaign weapon

NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump, GOP nomination virtually in hand, is planning a
general election campaign that banks heavily on his personal appeal and
trademark rallies while spurning the kind of sophisticated data operation that
was a centerpiece of Barack Obama's winning White House runs.

"I've always felt it was overrated," Trump said in an interview Tuesday. "Obama
got the votes much more so than his data processing machine. And I think the
same is true with me."

Trump met with The Associated Press at his office in New York, where he's been
huddling with advisers to plan for a fall campaign that came upon him more
quickly than even the confident billionaire expected. His remaining rivals
abruptly exited the race last week, leaving him an open path to the Republican
nomination.

As part of his general election planning, Trump is moving aggressively to
identify potential running mates and says he now has "a very good list of five
or six people," all with deep political experience. While he would not provide a
full list of names, he did not rule out New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, the
former rival whom he's already tapped to head his transition planning.

Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is running the vice presidential
vetting effort "with a group," Trump said, that includes former competitor Ben
Carson and himself.

___

10 Things to Know for Wednesday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. TRUMP TELLS AP HE WILL KEEP BANKING ON CHARISMA, RALLIES

"My best investment is my rallies" to help amass more support, the presumptive
GOP nominee says in an exclusive AP interview. "The people go home, they tell
their friends they loved it. It's been good."

2. SANDERS WINS WVA DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY

And Donald Trump won the GOP primaries in West Virginia and Nebraska.

___

3 dead including suspect in stabbing attacks at mall, home

TAUNTON, Mass. (AP) - Two people were killed and two others wounded in stabbing
attacks at a shopping mall and a home in Massachusetts on Tuesday before an
off-duty law enforcement officer shot and killed the suspect, authorities said.

State police said a man stabbed two people at a Taunton home, then crashed a car
through the front of a Macy's store at the Silver City Galleria and stabbed two
other people at the mall. An off-duty law enforcement officer fatally shot the
unidentified suspect. Witnesses described a chaotic scene and said that the mall
was evacuated.

The stabbing victims were taken to area hospitals, where two later died from
their injuries. It's unclear if the two dead victims were stabbed at the house
or the mall. Their names were not immediately released.

Authorities said the suspect also may have been involved in an earlier car crash
on the street where the first two stabbings took place.

A motive for the attacks remains under investigation, but state police said they
have found no evidence of a connection to terrorism.

___

Debate over transgender bathroom access spreads nationwide

There was a showdown in Houston last fall. This spring, North Carolina became
the battleground. By now, confrontations have flared across the country over
whether to protect or curtail the right of transgender people to use public
restrooms in accordance with their gender identity.

The upshot, in virtually every case, has been emotional debate over privacy,
personal safety and prejudice.

Many of those who favor limiting transgender rights contend that expanding
anti-bias protections to bathrooms and locker rooms raises the risk of sexual
predators exploiting the laws to molest women and girls on those premises.

Transgender-rights advocates consider this argument malicious and false. They
say that 18 states and scores of cities have experienced no significant public
safety problems linked to their existing laws allowing transgender people to use
bathrooms based on the gender they consider themselves to be.

On Monday, the U.S. Justice Department weighed in, suing to overturn North
Carolina's new law restricting transgender bathroom access and warning that any
similar measures elsewhere in the country could also face challenges on grounds
they violate federal nondiscrimination rules. North Carolina has sued to keep
the law in place.

___

Eager to heal old wounds, Obama to visit Hiroshima

WASHINGTON (AP) - Eager to heal old wounds and galvanize new generations,
President Barack Obama this month will become the first sitting American
president to visit Hiroshima, where seven decades ago the U.S. dropped the
devastating atomic bomb that ushered in the nuclear age.

By visiting the peace park near the epicenter of the 1945 attack, the president
hopes to reinvigorate efforts worldwide to eliminate nuclear weapons. But in a
sign of the extraordinary political sensitivities attached to the gesture, the
White House is going out of its way to stress Obama will not come bearing an
apology.

Deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said flatly: "He will not revisit
the decision to use the atomic bomb at the end of World War II." Instead, Rhodes
said in a statement, Obama will spotlight the toll of war and offer a
"forward-looking vision" of a non-nuclear world.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who will accompany Obama on the visit, said
no apology is expected - or necessary.

"The prime minister of the world's only nation to have suffered atomic attacks,
and the leader of the world's only nation to have used the atomic weapons at war
will together pay respects for the victims," Abe told reporters. "I believe that
would be a way to respond to the victims of the atomic bombings and the
survivors who are still in pain."

___

Warrant: Minnesota doctor saw Prince, prescribed drugs

CHANHASSEN, Minn. (AP) - A Minnesota doctor saw Prince twice in the month before
his death - including the day before he died - and prescribed him medication,
according to contents of a search warrant that were revealed Tuesday as
authorities returned to the musician's suburban Minneapolis estate as part of
their investigation into what killed him.

Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg treated Prince on April 7 and April 20, and he
prescribed medications for the musician, according to the warrant, which was
obtained by at least two news outlets before authorities moved to ensure it was
sealed.

Investigators interviewed Schulenberg and searched a suburban Minneapolis
hospital where he worked. The warrant did not specify what medications were
prescribed or whether Prince took them.

Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, declined to comment late Tuesday, citing
patient confidentiality.

A law enforcement official has told The Associated Press that investigators are
looking into whether Prince died from an overdose and whether a doctor was
prescribing him drugs in the weeks before his death. The law enforcement
official has been briefed on the investigation and spoke to the AP on condition
of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media.

___

Most of Canada's oil sands production shut down by wildfire

EDMONTON, Alberta (AP) - The majority of Canada's oil sands industry has stopped
production and will only start back up when it is "absolutely safe" but that
should happen soon, Alberta's premier said Tuesday after meeting with company
officials to discuss the impact of the massive wildfire that destroyed more than
10 percent of the homes and buildings in Canada's main oil sands city.

Suncor chief executive Steve Williams, the head of Canada's largest oil company,
said about a million barrels a day went offline but said some of that has
already started to come back. Alberta Premier Rachel Notley said the massive oil
sands mines north of Fort McMurray have not been damaged.

Shell Canada said it had resumed production at its Albian Sands mining
operations but at a reduced rate after a seven-day closure.

The wildfire that broke out a week ago has forced as much as a third of Canada's
oil output offline and was expected to impact an economy already hurt by the
fall in oil prices. Alberta's oil sands have the third-largest reserves of oil
in the world behind Saudi Arabia and Venezuela. Its workers largely live in Fort
McMurray, a former frontier outpost-turned-city whose residents come from all
over Canada.

Notley said getting pipelines and electricity operational are priorities. She
said getting production back online will be a matter of "days and short weeks."

___

In Mexico missing students case, suspects allege torture

MEXICO CITY (AP) - Within weeks of the September 2014 disappearance of 43
college students, Mexican authorities had rounded up scores of suspects and
announced they had solved the case.

At a hastily called news conference, prosecutors showed video of drug gang
members confessing to taking the students from police, then slaughtering them
and incinerating the bodies at a junkyard and dumping the evidence in a river.

Two independent, international teams of experts subsequently cast doubt on the
official investigation. Now, the government case has suffered another blow:
Accusations of torture.

In previously unseen court documents obtained by The Associated Press, 10 of the
suspects described a chillingly similar script: First the questions, then the
punches, electric shocks and partial asphyxiations with plastic bags; then,
finally, the threats to kill their loved ones unless they confessed to stories
that backed up the government's line.

Some said they were given planted evidence or prefabricated stories to support
the government's conclusions.

___

Westbrook leads Thunder past Spurs, 95-91, for 3-2 lead

SAN ANTONIO (AP) - Russell Westbrook had 35 points, 11 rebounds and nine
assists, and the Oklahoma City Thunder rallied in the fourth quarter to beat the
San Antonio Spurs 95-91 on Tuesday night and take a 3-2 lead in the Western
Conference semifinals.

Kevin Durant added 23 points as the Thunder won for the second time in San
Antonio in the series. Oklahoma City can close out the series Thursday in Game 6
at home.

Westbrook sealed the victory with a three-point play with 6.3 seconds remaining,
scoring after the Spurs weren't able to foul him intentionally and he drove for
a layup while being fouled.

Kawhi Leonard finished with 26 points for San Antonio, which lost at home once
in the regular season and has dropped two straight there now.

The Thunder took a 92-90 lead with 54 seconds remaining on a pair of free throws
by Durant after Spurs guard Danny Green fell into his legs when he appeared to
be tripped by Steven Adams on an attempted screen.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 2:53 AM GMT

Sanders' West Virginia win makes up little ground on Clinton

BYLINE: By LISA LERER and KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE, Ky.


LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - White House dreams fading, Bernie Sanders added another
state to his tally against Hillary Clinton with a win in West Virginia on
Tuesday - a victory that will do little to slow the former secretary of state's
steady march toward the Democratic presidential nomination.

Meanwhile, Republican Donald Trump also won there and in Nebraska, a week after
he cleared the field of his remaining rivals. They were not victories likely to
heal the party's wounds, as some GOP leaders continue to hold off offering their
endorsement of the party's presumptive nominee.

The result in the West Virginia Democratic primary underscored the awkward
position Clinton and the party's establishment face as they attempt to turn
their focus to the general election. Sanders has won 19 states to Clinton's 23,
but she is 94 percent of the way to winning the nomination - just 144 delegates
short of the 2,383 required.

That means she could lose all the states left to vote by a landslide and still
emerge as the nominee, so long as all her supporters among the party insiders
known as superdelegates continue to back her.

Clinton needs to win just 14 percent of the delegates and uncommitted
superdelegates at stake in the remaining contests, and she remains on track to
capture the nomination in early June.

Still, Sanders is vowing to fight on. He campaigned in Oregon and California on
Tuesday and his victory in West Virginia highlighted anew Clinton's struggles to
win over white men and independents - weaknesses Trump wants to exploit in the
fall campaign.

"Let me be as clear as I can be, we are in the campaign to win the Democratic
nomination," Sanders said at a campaign event in Salem, Oregon. "We are going to
fight for every last vote."

Among those voting in the West Virginia Democratic primary, about a third said
they would support Trump over either Clinton or Sanders in November. An
additional 2 in 10 said they wouldn't vote for either candidate. But 4 in 10
also said they consider themselves to be independents or Republicans, and not
Democrats, according to exit polls.

While Sanders is still attracting thousands to rallies, his campaign has grown
harder as Clinton closes in on the nomination. His fundraising has fallen off
and so, too, has his advertising, with only about $525,000 in ads planned for
California and $63,000 each in West Virginia and Oregon, according to
advertising tracker Kantar Media's CMAG.

That's a significant decline from the wall-to-wall advertising campaign he ran
earlier in the primary, during which his $74 million in ads outspent Clinton by
$14 million.

Edward Milam, of Cross Lanes, West Virginia, is a self-described socialist who
gave money to the Sanders campaign but his vote Tuesday to Clinton.

"After about six-seven months of debating and watching, I think Hillary has a
lot more to offer than Bernie internationally," the 68-year-old retiree said. "I
think she handles herself well. I've known about her for 30 years, just like
everybody else has. I don't think there will be any surprises."

Even as the primaries continue, Clinton has largely shifted her focus to the
general election. On Monday, she courted suburban women in Virginia and on
Tuesday, in Lexington, Kentucky, she released a proposal to ensure families
don't spend more than 10 percent of their income on child care.

"I don't care about what he says about me," she said of Trump in Louisville,
Kentucky, on Tuesday night. "But I do resent what he says about other people,
other successful women, women who have worked hard, women who have done their
part."

Clinton's campaign hopes suburban women, turned off by Trump's bombastic
rhetoric, could be a key source of support for her in the fall.

But she's also trying to stop Sanders from gaining the psychological advantage
of a series of wins this month. Her team went up with a $160,000 ad buy in
Kentucky on Tuesday, a modest effort aimed at cutting into Sanders' support
before the state's primary in a week.

Clinton also won a primary election Tuesday in Nebraska, although the party
allocated all of its delegates to the summer nominating convention at a caucus
won in March by Sanders.

___

Lerer reported from Washington. Associated Press writers John Raby in West
Virginia and Josh Funk and Grant Schulte in Nebraska contributed to this report.

___

Follow Lisa Lerer and Ken Thomas on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/llerer and
http://twitter.com/kthomasdc

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 2:50 AM GMT

The Latest: Sanders gains little on Clinton in West Virginia

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2389 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential campaign (all times
local):

10:41 p.m.

Bernie Sanders is netting five delegates more than Hillary Clinton after winning
West Virginia.

With 29 delegates at stake Tuesday, Sanders gained at least 16 delegates while
Clinton picked up at least 11. Two delegates remain to be allocated, pending
final vote tallies.

Based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton has 1,716 delegates to Sanders'
1,430.

He still needs to win 66 percent of the remaining primary and caucus delegates
if he hopes to overtake her - a figure that didn't change Tuesday.

When including the party officials known as superdelegates who can back any
candidate, Clinton has 2,239 delegates to Sanders' 1,469.

Just 144 delegates short, Clinton remains on track to reach the 2,383 delegates
needed to win the nomination in early June.

___

10:26 p.m.

Bernie Sanders says he will "fight for every last vote" after winning Tuesday's
West Virginia primary.

The Democratic presidential candidate says he has no plans to exit the race,
even though rival Hillary Clinton is just 145 delegates short of the 2,383
required to capture the nomination.

Sanders acknowledges at a campaign event in Salem, Oregon, that his path is
narrowing, but says he's used "to fighting uphill climbs."

He's arguing his campaign is the best positioned to beat presumptive GOP nominee
Donald Trump and says he can still win a majority of pledged delegates.

But Sanders needs to win 86 percent of the remaining available delegates if he
hopes to win the nomination. So far, he's been winning just 40 percent.

___

10:14 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump calls it a "great
honor" to win primary elections in West Virginia and Nebraska.

The billionaire businessman says in a statement after Tuesday's elections that
his time campaigning in both states was a wonderful and "enlightening"
experience.

Trump says, "I learned a lot, and that knowledge will be put to good use towards
the creation of businesses, jobs and the strengthening and revival of their
economies."

Trump says he plans to return to both states soon, and win them in the general
election this November.

___

9:49 p.m.

Hillary Clinton has won the Democratic presidential primary in Nebraska, but
it's a victory for the Democratic front-runner that won't get her any closer to
clinching her party's nomination.

That's because Nebraska allocated all 25 of its delegates to this summer's
Democratic National Convention in a caucus held on March 5 that was won by the
Vermont senator.

He took home 15 delegates from that caucus, while Clinton won 10.

Earlier Tuesday, Sanders won the Democratic primary in West Virginia.

But even with that win, he's far behind Clinton in the all-important delegate
count.

When including the party officials known as superdelegates who can back any
candidate, Clinton has 2,238 delegates - or 94 percent of the 2,383 needed to
win. Sanders has 1,468.

___

9:32 p.m.

Bernie Sanders can claim another state win in West Virginia, but it isn't really
improving the tough delegate math against him.

He now has won 19 states to Hillary Clinton's 23.

But the total pool of West Virginia delegates at stake is small at 29. And
because Democrats award delegates in proportion to the vote, Sanders will
receive at least 14 while Clinton will gain at least 10. Five delegates remain
to be allocated, pending final vote tallies.

Based on primaries and caucuses to date, Sanders has 1,429 delegates to
Clinton's 1,715. He still needs to win 66 percent of the remaining delegates to
overtake Clinton in the remaining primary and caucuses.

When including the party officials known as superdelegates who can back any
candidate, Clinton maintains her formidable lead.

She has 2,238, or 94 percent of the 2,383 needed to win the nomination. Sanders
has 1,468.

___

9:24 p.m.

Bernie Sanders has added another state to his tally against Hillary Clinton with
a win in West Virginia, but it's a victory that will do little to slow his
rival's steady march toward the Democratic presidential nomination.

Clinton entered the night fewer than 200 delegates shy of the 2,383 she needs to
secure the nomination. To win it, she needs just 17 percent of the delegates at
stake in the remaining contests.

That means she could lose all the states left to vote by a landslide and still
emerge as the nominee, so long as all of her supporters among the party insiders
known as superdelegates continue to back her.

Clinton has already largely shifted her focus to the general election and the
presumptive GOP nominee, Donald Trump.

__

9:06 p.m.

Donald Trump has picked up all 36 delegates available in Nebraska's Republican
presidential primary, giving him 89 percent of the delegates needed to win the
GOP's nomination for president.

Trump is the only candidate left in the race and is the party's presumptive
nominee, although other candidates were still listed on the ballot in Tuesday's
primary elections in Nebraska and West Virginia.

The billionaire businessman won at least three delegates in West Virginia. The
other 31 delegates in West Virginia are elected directly by voters. Their names
appear on the ballot, along with the presidential candidate they support.

____

9 p.m.

Donald Trump has won the Republican presidential primary in Nebraska, a second
victory in Tuesday's elections for the presumptive GOP nominee.

Among his backers in the state was Don Fricke, a 76-year-old dentist from
Lincoln. He says he voted for Trump because the billionaire businessman is a
political outsider.

Fricke says he wants a candidate who will work to lower taxes and defend the
country by strengthening the military, and he sees those qualities in Trump.

He adds that he thinks Trump has "a very good chance" against likely Democratic
nominee Hillary Clinton in the general election. Fricke says of Clinton,
"Hillary's got too much baggage."

__

8:02 p.m.

Donald Trump's victory in West Virginia means he will get at least three
delegates.

The 31 other delegates in West Virginia are elected directly by voters. Their
names appear on the ballot, along with the presidential candidate they support.

Republican voters are also going to the polls in Nebraska on Tuesday. Nebraska
will award all 36 of its delegates to the statewide winner.

With 1,071 delegates, Trump has 87 percent of the delegates needed to win the
Republican nomination for president. With no major rivals left in the race, he
is already the party's presumptive nominee.

___

7:48 p.m.

Donald Trump's campaign says a computer problem resulted in a prominent white
nationalist being included on a list of his potential California delegates.

The campaign says the name has been withdrawn and a corrected list resubmitted
to state officials.

Trump's California director, Tim Clark, says in a statement Tuesday that a
"database error" was at fault.

The campaign says potential delegate William Johnson had been rejected and
removed from the campaign's list in February.

Johnson's appearance on the list was first reported by Mother Jones magazine.

Johnson is a Trump supporter who tells The Associated Press that he received an
email from Clark earlier Tuesday informing him that his name had been
"erroneously listed" as a delegate.

In California, Republican candidates pick potential delegates to the GOP's
summer convention. They are selected based on the outcome of voting in the
state's June 7 primary.

___

7:30 p.m.

Donald Trump has won the Republican presidential primary in West Virginia,
adding to his claim on the GOP's nomination.

The billionaire businessman became the party's presumptive nominee after his
victory last week in Indiana, which led his last remaining rivals to drop out of
the race.

Anne Ashley is a 66-year-old substitute teacher's aide from Scott Depot, West
Virginia. She and her husband Jim say they were supporters of one of those
former rivals, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.

On Tuesday, they voted for Trump.

Anne Ashley says she thinks Trump is "becoming more aware of the gravity of
becoming president and becoming more composed."

Jim Ashley says now that Trump is the presumptive nominee, it's time for him to
unify the Republican Party and to bring other candidates that ran against him
into the fold. He says Trump "thinks 'I can do it on my own,' but he's wrong."

___

6:41 p.m.

Hillary Clinton predicts Republicans will "throw everything including the
kitchen sink at me" in the general election, but the Democratic front-runner has
a message for them.

She says, "They've done it for 25 years and I'm still standing."

Clinton says at a campaign event in Louisville, Kentucky, on Tuesday that she
looks forward to debating presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.

Clinton is urging Kentucky voters to "have a big vote" next week in the state's
presidential primary to help her campaign "get ready to go all the way to
November."

Clinton was rallying supporters in Louisville shortly before the polls were
closing in West Virginia's primary. She made no mention of the West Virginia
race, where she faces Democratic rival Bernie Sanders.

___

5:50 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is scheduled to appear
later this week at a fundraiser for Republicans on Long Island.

Trump is headlining the Nassau County Republican Committee's annual "Patriots
Reception" on Wednesday. Tickets to the event are $200 each.

The fundraiser was scheduled before Trump took control of the nomination process
with a win last week in Indiana.

It comes amid negotiations between the celebrity businessman and the Republican
National Committee about fundraising for the general election.

To this point, Trump has self-funded much of his campaign. He told The
Associated Press on Tuesday that he's leaning against accepting public financing
of his campaign.

___

5:27 p.m.

Many West Virginians voting in the state's presidential primary say they see the
economy as the top issue facing the country, and they think trade is costing
America jobs.

More than half of West Virginia Republicans and nearly two-thirds of Democratic
voters casting ballots on Tuesday say the economy is the top issue facing the
country.

That's according to early findings from exit polls conducted for The Associated
Press and television networks by Edison Research.

In the West Virginia Democratic primary, 7 in 10 say they're very worried about
the economy and another 2 in 10 say they're somewhat worried.

Majorities of voters in both primaries say trade with other countries mostly
takes jobs from American workers.

___

5:12 p.m.

West Virginia is holding a Democratic primary election on Tuesday, but a
significant portion of voters choosing between Hillary Clinton and Bernie
Sanders say they don't identify as Democrats.

About 4 in 10 voters in the state's Democratic primary say they consider
themselves to be an independent or Republican. That's according to early
findings from exit polls conducted for The Associated Press and television
networks by Edison Research.

Among those voting in West Virginia's Democratic primary, about a third say they
would support presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump over either Clinton or
Sanders in November's general election.

An additional 2 in 10 say they wouldn't vote for Trump, Clinton or Sanders this
fall.

___

5:05 p.m.

GOP runner-up Ted Cruz has returned to the Senate, promising to roll up his
sleeves and take on "the issues that were the heart of our presidential
campaign."

What the Texas Republican is yet unwilling to promise is an endorsement of
presumptive nominee Donald Trump.

Asked about endorsing Trump, Cruz said: "What I am interested in supporting are
free-market principles and the constitutional liberties of America."

Cruz addressed a media throng outside his Senate office Tuesday afternoon before
being greeted by an ovation from his staff.

He is widely unpopular among his Senate colleagues. Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell was asked whether he's going to be working more closely with Cruz than
he has in the past. McConnell replied, I'm happy to have him back and you ought
to ask him that."

___

4:40 p.m.

Hillary Clinton says presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump would lead a
"race to the bottom" on the economy, to the detriment of working families.

Clinton knocked Trump at a Tuesday campaign event in Louisville, Kentucky,
saying that Trump has argued Americans are being paid too much and has talked
about getting rid of the federal minimum wage.

The Democratic presidential candidate says Trump would leave the minimum wage
"to the mercy of Republican governors."

Clinton made no mention of Democratic rival Bernie Sanders hours before polls
close in West Virginia's Democratic primary.

She says with Trump, "you would see a race to the bottom across our country with
working families paying the price."

The former secretary of state outlined steps during her visit to Kentucky to
help workers pay for child care.

___

4:25 p.m.

Donald Trump says he's narrowed his list of potential running mates to "five or
six people," all with deep political resumes.

In an interview Tuesday with The Associated Press, the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee said he has not ruled out New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -
a former rival who has embraced the billionaire's campaign with gusto.

Trump says said he's prioritizing political experience, because he wants a vice
president to help him "with legislation, getting things through" Washington if
he wins the White House.

Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer are among the
Republicans who have suggested they would be open to joining Trump on the GOP
ticket.

Others have ruled out being considered, including Trump's former primary rival,
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.

___

4 p.m.

Vice President Joe Biden is predicting that Hillary Clinton will win the
Democratic Party's nomination and says he feels confident that she'll be the
next president.

Biden's remarks come in an interview with ABC's "Good Morning America" that will
be broadcast later Tuesday and Wednesday morning.

Biden's comments go further than President Barack Obama has in predicting the
outcome of the Democratic primary. Obama has offered no predictions and says
that the process should be allowed to play itself out.

Clinton is engaged in a tougher-than-expected primary with Sen. Bernie Sanders,
though she is nearing winning the total number of delegates needed to secure the
nomination.

______

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 2:11 AM GMT

AP Interview: Trump says big rallies his key campaign weapon

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 902 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump, GOP nomination virtually in hand, is planning a
general election campaign that banks heavily on his personal appeal and
trademark rallies while spurning the kind of sophisticated data operation that
was a centerpiece of Barack Obama's winning White House runs.

"I've always felt it was overrated," Trump said in an interview Tuesday. "Obama
got the votes much more so than his data processing machine. And I think the
same is true with me."

Trump met with The Associated Press at his office in New York, where he's been
huddling with advisers to plan for a fall campaign that came upon him more
quickly than even the confident billionaire expected. His remaining rivals
abruptly exited the race last week, leaving him an open path to the Republican
nomination.

As part of his general election planning, Trump is moving aggressively to
identify potential running mates and says he now has "a very good list of five
or six people," all with deep political experience. While he would not provide a
full list of names, he did not rule out New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, the
former rival whom he's already tapped to head his transition planning.

Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, is running the vice presidential
vetting effort "with a group," Trump said, that includes former competitor Ben
Carson and himself.

A first-time political candidate, the billionaire businessman said there's no
need for another business person on the Republican ticket and said he was eager
for a running mate who would be effective in helping him pass legislation as
president. By joining forces with a political veteran, Trump would also signal a
willingness to work with the Republican establishment that he's thoroughly
bashed during his campaign.

Trump said he doesn't plan to announce his running mate until the Republican
National Convention in July, a four-day event that he's planning to remake with
a showman's touch.

"The concept of some entertainment from a great singer, a great group I think
would be something maybe to break things up," Trump said. "You'll be hearing
plenty of political speeches."

He also ruled out for the first time the option of taking public financing for
his campaign, a move that would have saved him the time-consuming task of
raising vast sums of money but would have dramatically limited the amount he
would be able to raise.

"I don't like the idea of taking taxpayer money to run a campaign. I think it's
inappropriate," he said.

Trump stunned the political world at every turn during the Republican primary,
prioritizing large rallies over intimate voter interactions in early voting
states and operating with a slim campaign operation. Even as he brings in new
staff for the general election, he says his emphasis will continue to be on
raucous rallies that put him in front of thousands of voters and generate
significant free media coverage.

"My best investment is my rallies," Trump said. "The people go home, they tell
their friends they loved it. It's been good."

The businessman said he'll spend "limited" money on data operations to identify
and track potential voters and to model various turnout scenarios that could
give him the 270 Electoral College votes needed to win the presidency. He's
moving away from the model Obama used successfully in his 2008 and 2012 wins,
and the one that likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is trying to
replicate, including hiring many of the staff that worked for Obama.

Separately, the Republican National Committee has invested heavily in data
operations, eager to avoid another defeat to a more technologically savvy
Democratic candidate. Trump could make use of that RNC data or leave voter
targeting to the party.

Trump and his aides have been meeting with RNC officials this week to discuss
the mechanics of his campaign. He is also planning a trip to Washington Thursday
to meet with party leaders, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, who have had a
mixed reaction to his primary success.

For some Republicans skeptical of Trump, the desire to defeat Clinton in
November is enough of an incentive to rally behind his candidacy. While Trump
has vowed to be tough in taking on Clinton, he also suggested he might avoid
running negative ads against her, saying, "I just don't find them to be very
effective."

"I've had over $100 million in negative ads spent on me and every time it's
boosted my numbers," he said.

As Trump was speaking, however, his campaign posted a new ad on Instagram
assailing Clinton for her response to the attacks on a diplomatic compound in
Benghazi, Libya. The video accuses Clinton of lying about the reason for the
attack and includes footage of her laughing superimposed on a scene of burning
wreckage.

Trump surged to the top of the Republican primary field despite having vague
policy positions. It's unclear how much his shift to the general election will
include beefing up his domestic and foreign policy plans, though he did say
voters have a right to expect more details about his health care proposals.

He dismissed the idea that voters have a right to see his tax returns before
going to the polls. He's so far refused to release those documents, citing an
ongoing audit. And besides, he said, "there's nothing to learn from them."

___

AP writer Julie Bykowicz contributed to this report.

___

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Jill Colvin at
http://twitter.com/colvinj

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 1:51 AM GMT

Key Republicans swing behind Trump; he takes 2 primaries

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER and STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 836 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Key Senate Republicans voiced optimism Tuesday about Donald
Trump's presidential prospects in November, the clearest signal yet to the GOP
rank and file to unite behind him and turn their energy against Democrat Hillary
Clinton. But it was uncertain whether the doubters could be quieted.

Trump added two more primaries to his column, taking West Virginia and Nebraska.
Clinton lost West Virginia to Sen. Bernie Sanders, who refuses to bow out as
Trump's GOP foes have, but that hardly dented her huge Democratic delegate lead.
Clinton won in Nebraska, but those delegates had already been allocated in an
earlier caucus won by Sanders.

The presidential race was on lawmakers' minds on Capitol Hill, too.

"We have a nominee, it looks like he may well be very competitive, and we want
to win the White House," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., told
reporters. He also said, "We know that Hillary Clinton will be four more years
of Barack Obama. I think that's going to in the end be enough to unify
Republicans across the country."

Still, doubt and angst over Trump remained palpable as GOP lawmakers returned
from a weeklong recess that saw him effectively clinch the presidential
nomination. For some, the question of whether they were backing their party's
standard-bearer - a no-brainer in a normal election year - proved too much to
answer.

"We're not doing any Trump questions today," an aide to Sen. Mark Kirk of
Illinois told a crowd of reporters as Kirk, one of the most endangered Senate
Republicans, sped into a meeting.

Another Republican who's up for re-election, Tim Scott of South Carolina,
offered his support, but like others managed to sound grudging and backhanded in
the process. "I'm supporting the Republican candidate, and it happens to be
Donald Trump," he said.

A third, Sen. Johnny Isakson of Georgia, deflected questions about whether he
would back Trump, saying he's focused only on securing another six-year Senate
term.

"The only thing I can do is get re-elected so we have a Republican majority in
the Senate," Isakson said. "I will support the Republican ticket and I'm
endorsing me for my Senate seat."

The comments reflected ongoing divisions in a party still reeling over Trump's
success in locking up the nomination and pushing his two remaining rivals from
the race last week. McConnell and others have decided that the best approach is
to get behind Trump. But especially in light of House Speaker Paul Ryan's
surprise decision to withhold his support, unity is elusive for now.

That could start to change Thursday, when Ryan, McConnell and other
congressional Republicans meet with Trump, who himself has downplayed the
meeting and suggested he can win the election unity or no.

Ryan defended his stance anew Tuesday, insisting that he was just being honest
in saying Trump had more work to do to show he could unify the party after
alienating numerous voters including women, Hispanics and many conservatives.

"It is going to take more than a week to unify this party," Ryan said in an
interview with the Wall Street Journal broadcast online. "If we just pretend to
unify without unifying, then we'll only be at half-strength, and it won't be
good for us in the fall."

But some Republicans argued that Ryan himself was making it harder to unify by
essentially giving other Republicans cover to refuse to get behind Trump.

"I didn't really appreciate his comments," said Sen. Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma.
"They have to establish a workable relationship, and I think they will, but
that's not a good way to start."

Yet after a bruising primary season others were not yet ready to move on. GOP
Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, Trump's leading opponent before he dropped out last
week, made clear he was in no hurry to endorse the mogul and reality TV star who
defeated him.

"The voters in the primary seem to have made a choice and we'll see what happens
as the months go forward," Cruz told conservative talk radio host Glenn Beck.

Cruz went so far as to leave open the possibility of restarting his campaign if
he should score a surprise win in Nebraska, while making clear he didn't
anticipate that outcome.

"The reason we suspended the race last week is with Indiana's loss I didn't see
a viable path to victory. If that changes we will certainly respond
accordingly," Cruz said.

Another of Trump's vanquished opponents, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, said at
the Hudson Institute: "He's the nominee of the Republican Party, or presumptive
nominee via the voters. I respect that and accept it, but that's not going to
change the reservations I have about his campaign or about some of the policies
he's established."

Mississippi Sen. Roger Wicker, who heads Senate GOP re-election efforts, said
"actually I feel pretty good" about prospects to hang onto control of the
Senate.

"It seems to me after every presidential primary there's a coming together, and
I expect that will happen," Wicker said.

___

Associated Press writers Matthew Daly, Richard Lardner and Andrew Taylor
contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 1:28 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Wednesday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 338 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. TRUMP TELLS AP HE WILL KEEP BANKING ON CHARISMA, RALLIES

"My best investment is my rallies" to help amass more support, the presumptive
GOP nominee says in an exclusive AP interview. "The people go home, they tell
their friends they loved it. It's been good."

2. SANDERS WINS WVA DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY

And Donald Trump won the GOP primaries in West Virginia and Nebraska.

3. WHO POLICE INTERVIEW IN PRINCE INVESTIGATION

Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg treated the musician the day before he died April
21, according to a search warrant.

4. OBAMA SET TO BECOME FIRST SITTING US PRESIDENT TO VISIT HIROSHIMA

The president will not bear an apology, but plans to spotlight the toll of war
and offer a "forward-looking vision" of a non-nuclear world, an adviser says.

5. SUSPECTS SAY THEY WERE TORTURED IN MISSING MEXICAN STUDENTS CASE

In court papers obtained by the AP, 10 of the suspects describe police
interrogations of physical abuse and threats to extract forced confessions.

6. WHAT'S CONTRIBUTING TO IMMENSE WILDFIRES ACROSS GLOBE

Factors including climate change, land use and firefighting methods that leave
more dead trees and brush to burn have fueled huge wildfires like the one that's
burned over 500,000 acres in Alberta, scientists say.

7. WHY SENATE REPUBLICANS CONFRONT FACEBOOK

They're demanding an explanation after reports that the social networking
service excluded links to conservative political stories.

8. NASA IDs 1,284 NEW PLANETS IN MILKY WAY

A fast, automated software system used by Princeton University confirms the
exoplanets first detected by the Kepler Space Telescope.

9. AAA QUESTIONS MARIJUANA DUI STANDARDS

Motorists are being convicted of driving under the influence of marijuana based
on arbitrary state standards that have no connection to driver impairment, the
auto club says.

10. STEPHEN CURRY BECOMES FIRST-EVER UNANIMOUS NBA MVP

The Golden State point guard earns the award for the second straight season.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 1:01 AM GMT

Donald Trump wins Nebraska Republican presidential primary

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 26 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential primary in
Nebraska, a second victory in Tuesday's elections for the presumptive GOP
nominee.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 1:00 AM GMT

Donald Trump wins Republican presidential primary in Nebraska

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 13 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump wins Republican presidential primary in Nebraska.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 11:17 PM GMT

AP PHOTOS: Highlights of Donald Trump's day in Washington

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 95 words


Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump came to Washington to
meet with House Speaker Paul Ryan and other GOP leaders in Congress. Here's a
look at Trump's day on Capitol Hill, as seen in images made by Associated Press
photographers.

___

See the latest AP photo galleries: http://apne.ws/TXeCBN

The Archive: Top photo highlights from previous weeks: http://apne.ws/13QUFKJ

___

Follow AP photographers on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP/lists/ap-photographers

Follow AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images

Visit AP Images online: http://www.apimages.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 11:10 PM GMT

Secret Service to investigate Trump's former butler

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and ALICIA A. CALDWELL, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump's former butler has drawn the attention of Secret
Service for threats online he's made against President Barack Obama.

Anthony Senecal, who served the presumptive Republican nominee at his Mar-a-Lago
club in Florida, has a Facebook page filled with incendiary comments. Many of
the posts are directed at the president and his family. The posts were first
reported by Mother Jones.

In one message from September 2015, Senecal said the military should hang Obama
for treason and other "high crimes." In another that month, he described Obama,
a Christian, by using a slur for a member of the Muslim faith. In that post, he
wrote that he does not speak for Trump: "This is my opinion, only!!!!"

Senecal declined to accept a reporter's call placed to the antiques dealer in
West Palm Beach, Florida, where he works, but told Mother Jones he wrote the
posts.

Trump's campaign, criticized in the past for the way it's reacted to the racist
comments of some supporters, condemned the posts.

"Tony Senecal has not worked at Mar-a-Lago for years, but nevertheless we
totally and completely disavow the horrible statements made by him regarding the
president and first family," spokeswoman Hope Hicks said in a statement.

A recent profile of Senecal in The New York Times reported that after he tried
to retire in 2009, Trump kept him on as an unofficial historian at Mar-a-Lago.

The Secret Service said Thursday it is "aware of this matter and will conduct
the appropriate investigation." Such an investigation routinely involves a
face-to-face interview with someone thought to have made threats against the
president or another protected official.

___

Colvin reported from New Jersey.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 10:39 PM GMT

The Latest: Secret Service eyes former Trump butler

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1678 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on developments in the presidential campaign,
including Donald Trump's meetings Thursday with House Speaker Paul Ryan and with
other congressional leaders (all times EDT):

6:30 p.m.

Donald Trump's former butler has drawn the attention of the Secret Service for
threats he's made online against President Barack Obama.

Anthony Senecal, who served the presumptive Republican nominee at his Mar-a-Lago
club in Florida, has a Facebook page filled with incendiary comments, many
directed at the president and his family.

Trump's campaign says in an emailed statement that "Tony Senecal has not worked
at Mar-a-Lago for years, but nevertheless we totally and completely disavow the
horrible statements made by him regarding the President and first family."

The Secret Service said Thursday it is "aware of this matter and will conduct
the appropriate investigation."

Senecal declined to accept a reporter's call.

__

4:45 p.m.

Donald Trump supporters and Republican operatives are starting a new super PAC
to help him.

The group is headed by Doug Watts, the former communications director for Ben
Carson's 2016 bid. It is called Committee for American Sovereignty and expects
to collect $20 million by the July convention, Watts says.

Among the advisers are Nicholas Ribis Sr., former chairman of Trump Hotel,
Casino and Resorts and longtime GOP donor Kenneth Abramowitz.

Trump has disparaged outside groups, but Watts says his recent comments have led
him to believe the candidate is now more open to them. "When facing a $1 billion
effort by Hillary Clinton, it's fair for him to look around and ask for help,"
Watts says.

Watts says he notified Trump campaign official Paul Manafort about the group and
that Manafort did not tell him to stand down.

The super PAC will focus on advertising and voter outreach, Watts says.

___

3:47 p.m.

The Republican senator who called Donald Trump a "nut job" and a "loser" is
softening his stance as the GOP seeks to unify.

Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, one of Trump's harshest critics, told
reporters that he spoke with Trump by telephone Wednesday. He described the
billionaire candidate as funny, cordial and said he asked insightful questions
about national security.

"He's got a great sense of humor," Graham said. "He's from New York. He
obviously can take a punch."

Graham, who waged an unsuccessful bid for his party's White House nomination,
said he doesn't retract anything he said during the heat of the campaign and he
still won't endorse Trump.

___

1:23 p.m.

Republican strategist Karl Rove says his super PAC will spend money this year on
Senate and House races, and not on pro- Donald Trump commercials.

That's in line with what the presumptive GOP nominee says he wants. Trump has
specifically trashed Rove and says he isn't interested in his super PAC's help.

Yet Rove also says American Crossroads and releated groups may run ads attacking
likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in states where there is an
opportunity to help boost Republican turnout to help Senate candidates. That, of
course, would benefit Trump.

Rove is making the comments at a political panel during a finance industry
conference in Las Vegas.

___

12:15 p.m.

Former House Speaker John Boehner is getting behind Donald Trump, despite
disagreeing with Trump's stands on banning Muslims from entering the United
States, tearing up trade deals and other issues.

Boehner (BAY'-nur) says the billionaire businessman is the presumptive
Republican nominee for president - "whether people like it or not."

And Boehner is confident that Trump can win in November - over likely Democratic
nominee Hillary Clinton.

"Anyone who thinks Donald Trump can't win - just watch." That's how Boehner put
it during remarks Thursday at a conference of finance industry leaders in Las
Vegas.

Boehner spoke not long after House Speaker Paul Ryan met with Trump in
Washington.

Boehner thinks Ryan is probably "trying to help shape the direction of Trump's
policies."

Boehner - who was speaker before Ryan - says he doesn't "doubt there will be a
meeting of the minds."

___

11:50 a.m.

The highest-ranking woman in the House GOP leadership calls the meeting with
Donald Trump a "very important first step" toward unifying Republicans.

Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington state says Thursday's meeting was the
first chance for her to make clear to the presumptive presidential nominee this
core value for the party: "Dreaming big for everyone and turning its back on no
one."

___

11:40 a.m.

House Speaker Paul Ryan says he was "very encouraged by what I heard from Donald
Trump" in their much-anticipated meeting.

The Wisconsin lawmaker - who's has yet to say he's ready to back the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee - says "it's not a secret" that the two have had
"our differences."

Ryan says at a news conference after the meeting that the big question is "what
do we need to do to unify the party." He says they're "planting the seeds" to
accomplish that goal.

___

11:25 a.m.

The head of the committee to elect Republicans to the House says he may disagree
with Donald Trump's rhetoric and policies, but that the presumptive GOP
presidential nominee is a better White House option than front-running Democrat
Hillary Clinton would be.

Rep. Greg Walden of Oregon says in a statement that he intends to support the
GOP nominee. Walden's statement came out shortly after other House Republican
leaders met with Trump at Republican Party headquarters on Capitol Hill.

Walden says the last thing he wants is to give Democrats another four years in
charge in the White House.

___

11:15 a.m.

Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan say they had a productive meeting and
see a great chance to unite the Republican Party and win the presidential
election in November.

The presumptive GOP nominee and the party's top elected official said in a
statement after their meeting on party headquarters on Capitol Hill that they
are "totally committed to working together" to achieve that goal.

They say they were "honest about our few differences" but also recognize "many
important areas of common ground."

More discussions are promised, but this first one was described as "a very
positive step toward unification."

Ryan has yet to come out in support of Trump. But the two say it's critical for
Republicans to united around "our shared principles, advance a conservative
agenda and do all we can to win this fall."

___

10:55 a.m.

Donald Trump has wrapped up his meeting with House Republican leaders, including
Speaker Paul Ryan, who's expressed reservations about backing the presumptive
presidential nominee.

Trump held back-to-back meetings on Thursday at party headquarters on Capitol
Hill.

First, Trump met with Ryan and the party chairman, Reince Priebus (ryns
PREE'-bus). Then he sat down with other members of the House Republican
leadership, including Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and Whip Steve Scalise
(skuh-LEES').

Trump plans a separate meeting with Senate GOP leaders later Thursday.

___

10:20 a.m.

The head of the Republican Party says the meeting with Donald Trump and House
Speaker Paul Ryan was "a very positive step toward party unity."

Reince Priebus (ryns PREE'-bus) tweeted that comment after their meeting
Thursday morning at GOP headquarters on Capitol Hill.

Priebus tweeted: "The meeting was great. It was a very positive step toward
party unity."

Ryan said last week that he wasn't ready to endorse Trump, the presumptive
presidential nominee.

___

10:05 a.m.

The longest serving Republican in the Senate says he'll now support Donald Trump
. But Utah's Orrin Hatch says the presumptive GOP presidential nominee needs to
tone it down.

Hatch is among the Senate GOP leaders set to meet with Trump later Thursday.

Hatch says Trump needs to soften his rhetoric and "always act in a manner
worthy" of a nominee. The senator isn't getting into details, but Trump has made
critical comments about women, Hispanics and others.

Hatch says many of his constituents "have serious reservations" about Trump. In
March, Utah voters went big for Trump's chief rival at the time, Texas Sen. Ted
Cruz, in the state's caucuses.

Hatch says Trump could unite Republicans and broaden his appeal by reconsidering
his views on trade and overhauling benefit programs.

Hatch initially backed Jeb Bush in the race, and then Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.
Hatch says he'll "do what I can" to help Trump run a successful campaign.

___

9:40 a.m.

It's a "circus out here."

That's what a Democratic congressman says as he walked by the Capitol Hill
building where Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan are meeting - and where
boisterous protesters have gathered in the street.

Texas lawmaker Joaquin Castro says Trump - the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee - "has been extremely divisive for the country" and is
"tearing people apart. You can see the circus out here."

___

9:15 a.m.

Donald Trump has taken strong stands on immigration - and drawn equally strong
reactions during his presidential campaign.

And it was no different when the Republican candidate arrived at a Capitol Hill
building for his meeting Thursday morning with House Speaker Paul Ryan.

Protesters tried to deliver a cardboard coffin to the Republican National
Committee that they said represented the suffering of immigrants under GOP
policies - and the death of the party under Trump.

The protesters weren't allowed inside, but they did continue chanting and waving
signs.

9:05 a.m.

A smattering of protesters are outside the Republican National Committee offices
on Capitol Hill where Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan are meeting.

The presidential candidate entered the building through a side door for his
first-ever get-together with the Wisconsin lawmaker - who hasn't yet backed the
presumptive nominee.

Outside, fewer than a dozen people are demonstrating - but they're outnumbered
by a sizable pack of reporters.

Some demonstrators are carrying signs that say "R.I.P. GOP" and using a
megaphone to express their views that Trump's rise means the fall of the
Republican Party. One chant is: "Down with deportation, up with liberation"

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 8:52 PM GMT

Indiana man charged with threatening Trump on YouTube

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 137 words

DATELINE: NEW ALBANY, Ind.


NEW ALBANY, Ind. (AP) - A southern Indiana man has been charged with making
threats against Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and members of
his family in a YouTube video.

Floyd County Prosecutor Keith Henderson says 26-year-old Richard L. Deville Jr.
of Clarksville is accused of posting an explicit threat against Trump,
displaying two handguns in the video, and describing how and when the threat
would be carried out.

Deville was being held in the Floyd County Jail on Thursday afternoon. Henderson
said Deville does not yet have a lawyer. He is expected to be arraigned Friday.

The Secret Service contacted authorities in Floyd County about the threat in the
past two days. Henderson says someone in the Atlanta area notified the Secret
Service about the posting.

Henderson says he believes Deville acted alone.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 8:08 PM GMT

Graham, who called Trump a 'nut job,' softens his view

BYLINE: By RICHARD LARDNER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 227 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Republican senator who called Donald Trump a "nut job" and
a "loser as a person" softened his stance on Thursday as the GOP sought to set
aside their differences and unify the party.

Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, one of Trump's harshest critics, told
reporters that he spoke with Trump by telephone Wednesday, a 15-minute
conversation in which they discussed national security, the threat of Islamic
State militants and last year's international nuclear deal with Iran.

Graham described the billionaire candidate as funny, cordial and said he asked
insightful questions.

"He's got a great sense of humor," Graham said. "He's from New York. He
obviously can take a punch."

Graham, who waged an unsuccessful bid for his party's White House nomination,
said he doesn't retract anything he said during the heat of the campaign and he
still won't endorse Trump. But Trump won the Republican nomination for
president, he said, so the "insults will stop with me."

He said that it's a good sign that Trump reached out to him. The call was
arranged by a mutual friend who said Trump wanted to speak with Graham.

Graham said earlier this year that his party would sink like the Titanic if it
backed Trump.

In a statement Thursday, Graham said he will do what he can in the Senate to
help the next president because "the next president will inherit a mess."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 7:47 PM GMT

Trump or Clinton, Cuba hopeful that embargo will end

BYLINE: By MICHAEL WEISSENSTEIN, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 127 words

DATELINE: HAVANA


HAVANA (AP) - One of Cuba's top diplomats says his government is hopeful that
U.S. public opinion will force Washington to end the trade embargo on the island
regardless of who wins this year's presidential election.

The bilateral commission that oversees U.S-Cuba negotiations on topic ranging
from law enforcement to aviation meets Monday in Havana to set the agenda for
the remaining months of the Obama administration.

Gustavo Machin is Cuba's assistant director of U.S. affairs and he says the
country was heartened by polls showing majority of Americans in favor of ending
the half-century-old embargo on Cuba.

"We'll do our part," he said. "We hope that the next president of the United
States acts in accordance with what that society, that country, demands."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 5:50 PM GMT

In Cannes, Clooney vows Donald Trump won't be president

BYLINE: By JAKE COYLE, AP Film Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: CANNES, France


CANNES, France (AP) - George Clooney has vowed that Donald Trump will not be
elected president, promising that "fear is not going to be something that
drives" the United States.

Clooney spoke to reporters Thursday at the Cannes Film Festival where he stars
in Jodie Foster's hostage thriller "Money Monster." Clooney, a prominent
fundraiser for Hillary Clinton, insisted that Trump will not win.

"There's not going to be a President Donald Trump," Clooney said. "That's not
going to happen. Fear is not going to be something that drives our country.
We're not going to be scared of Muslims or immigrants or women. We're not
actually afraid of anything."

Clooney and his wife, human rights lawyer Amal Clooney (who joined him on the
Cannes red carpet for the premiere of "Money Monster"), last month hosted a pair
of events in Los Angeles and San Francisco that raised millions for Clinton.

The actor said that Trump is the product of the collision of news and
entertainment depicted in "Money Monster." In it, Clooney plays a Jim
Cramer-like financial guru taken hostage live on the air by a distraught
investor (Jack O'Connell). Julia Roberts co-stars as the program's producer.

"Trump is actually a result in many ways of the fact that much of the news
programs didn't follow up and ask tough questions," said Clooney.

"Twenty-four-hour news doesn't mean you get more news, it means you get the same
news more," he continued. "More and more and more you hear these guys, their
ratings go up because they can show an empty podium saying 'Donald Trump is
about to speak,' as opposed to taking those 30 seconds and saying, 'Well, let's
talk about refugees,' which is the biggest crisis going on in the world right
now."

For the 55-year-old Clooney, television news has been a lifelong theme. His
father, Nick Clooney, was a journalist and distinguished local news anchor.
Clooney's second film as a director was 2005's "Good Night, and Good Luck," his
black-and-white Edward R. Murrow drama about the halcyon days of television
news. As an actor in Steven Soderbergh's "Out of Sight," he also memorably
riffed on "Network," the Sidney Lumet-Paddy Chayefsky classic of
ratings-obsessed broadcast news.

"'Money Monster' talks about the evolution of what has become the cross between
news and entertainment. And I think that's been a big problem. 'Network' started
it," said Clooney. "Everything that Paddy Chayefsky wrote in 1975 came true."

"Money Monster," Foster's fourth film as a director, debuted in Cannes on
Thursday ahead of its North American release on Friday. Critics greeted it with
lukewarm reviews, though the film has drawn praise for being a rare commodity:
an adult thriller with some meaning.

"This movie is talking about one of the things that I think is a great disaster
in the way we inform ourselves right now," said Clooney. "We've lost the ability
to get to and tell the truth and get to the facts."

___

Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 5:42 PM GMT

Donald Trump, Paul Ryan joint statement after their meeting

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 179 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Here is the joint statement released by House Speaker Paul
Ryan, R-Wis., and presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump
following their meeting on Thursday:

"The United States cannot afford another four years of the Obama White House,
which is what Hillary Clinton represents. That is why it's critical that
Republicans unite around our shared principles, advance a conservative agenda,
and do all we can to win this fall. With that focus, we had a great conversation
this morning. While we were honest about our few differences, we recognize that
there are also many important areas of common ground. We will be having
additional discussions, but remain confident there's a great opportunity to
unify our party and win this fall, and we are totally committed to working
together to achieve that goal. We are extremely proud of the fact that many
millions of new voters have entered the primary system, far more than ever
before in the Republican Party's history. This was our first meeting, but it was
a very positive step toward unification."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Transcript/Verbatim

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 5:38 PM GMT

Trump and Ryan pledge unity but remain divided on policy

BYLINE: By CALVIN WOODWARD, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 710 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The country's two top Republicans emerged from a meeting
Thursday pledging to work toward unity. But virtual GOP presidential nominee
Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan remain at odds over many issues that
have defined conservatism for years.

On immigration, federal spending, trade and foreign affairs, the GOP's likely
candidate for president and its highest-ranking government official diverge on
major issues. The meeting Thursday was an illustration of just how wide the gulf
is, pairing in the same room a sober, policy-driven, consensus-seeking
conservative and a crowd-rousing improviser with indistinct ideology and only a
handful of core issues.

Some contours of the chasm between them:

SPENDING

In December, after Ryan negotiated a plan to ease automatic spending curbs on
the Pentagon and domestic agencies, Trump blasted him and other GOP leaders,
saying, "The elected Republicans in Congress threw in the towel and showed
absolutely no budget discipline."

Trump presents himself as a guardian of Social Security and Medicare even as
other Republicans, Ryan chief among them, see no choice but to restrain their
cost. "He represented cutting entitlements," Trump said this year, recalling
Ryan as Mitt Romney's running mate in 2012. "That was the end of the campaign. I
said, 'You've got to be kidding.'"

Trump says he can save Social Security by growing the economy, with no increases
in the retirement age and or other scale-backs, a contention disputed by many
economists.

In Trump's view, Ryan hasn't done right by the country for some years. As a
budget leader before he became speaker, Ryan was the driving force behind
attempts to control the debt, a mission he still embodies. His 2011 budget plan,
heavy with spending cuts and a Medicare overhaul, earned Trump's scorn. "If
anyone needs more evidence of why the American people are suffering at the hands
of their own government, look no further than the budget deal announced by
Speaker Ryan," he said at the time.

___

TRADE

Ryan is a leading advocate for free trade and his support for deals negotiated
by the Obama administration with Pacific nations and other partners is
distinctly at odds with Trump's vow to dismantle or renegotiate such agreements.

___

IMMIGRATION AND ISLAM

Silent on the Republican presidential race for months, Ryan finally was moved to
speak out when Trump proposed banning foreign Muslims from entering the U.S.
until the security of Americans could be assured.

"Freedom of religion is a fundamental constitutional principle; it is a founding
principle of this country," Ryan said in response. Trump's plan "is not what
this party stands for, and more importantly it's not what this country stands
for."

More broadly, Ryan embraced a path to legal status for people in the country
illegally, stepping back from previous support for "a path to earned
citizenship." He's said he could not imagine how Trump could achieve his plan
for the mass deportation of the 11 million people in the country illegally, then
the re-entry of the "good ones" through a "giant door" in his Mexico border
wall.

___

AMERICA ABROAD

Ryan supports an activist foreign policy, not a "fortress America," while
Trump's "America First" campaign suggests a retrenchment and a questionable
commitment to traditional allies. Ryan has dismissed the notion the U.S. could
retreat, as reflected by Trump's demand that allies pay more or America will
step back from protecting them.

___

PLANNED PARENTOOD

Ryan has supported stripping federal money from Planned Parenthood because of
its abortion services. Trump, while criticizing those abortion practices, said
the organization does good work for women on other fronts and those parts of its
mission should continue to get federal money. He later qualified the remark to
suggest the group should not get federal support as long as it provides
abortions, while reaffirming his view that "Planned Parenthood has done very
good work for millions of women."

___

HILLARY CLINTON

On some issues, each is closer to Hillary Clinton than to the other. But their
common wish to deny her the White House will be a key reason they come together,
if they do.

___

Associated Press writers Laurie Kellman, Jill Colvin and Andrew Taylor
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 5:24 PM GMT

Nothing to learn from Trump's taxes? Experts beg to differ

BYLINE: By NANCY BENAC, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 1257 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump told The Associated Press this week "there's
nothing to learn" from all those income tax returns he won't release until an
ongoing audit wraps up.

Really?

Tax experts say the feet-high stack of returns that he's posed with for photos
could provide significant insights about the presumptive GOP nominee - new
details on his income and wealth, how much he gives to charity, the health of
his businesses and, overall, how Trump plays the tax game.

Some information that may be embedded in Trump's tax returns:

HOW RICH?

Trump's tax returns wouldn't give a full picture of his wealth, since people
don't have to report assets. But they would provide fresh clues about the
financial life of the richest-ever presidential candidate, who's admitted he's
prone to "truthful hyperbole." Tax returns could help determine whether Trump
has been overstating - or understating - his income. On a press release with his
financial disclosure form released last year, for example, Trump put his 2014
income at $362 million, excluding certain items like interest and dividends. But
that figure appeared to include revenue that wouldn't count as taxable income.
For example, Trump's disclosure form included $4.3 million in "golf-related
revenue" over 18 months from his course in Scotland. But the course lost more
than $2 million in 2014 after its costs were taken into account. Depending on
how it's reported, a significantly smaller income figure on Trump's Form 1040
than on his financial disclosure could be a fresh sign that his personal
fortune, too, is less than the "more than $10 billion by any stretch of the
imagination" that he's claimed.

___

LOW-TAX, NO-TAX?

Trump, with trademark modesty, told the AP that "nobody knows more about taxes
than I do - maybe in the history of the world." And he's been clear that he
tries to pay "as little as possible." Tax experts say he might even have owed no
income taxes in one or more recent years by using real estate depreciation
provisions and carrying forward business operating losses from previous years.
Such losses can be carried forward up to 20 years on personal taxes. Author
David Cay Johnston, in his book "Temples of Chance," found that Trump reported
negative income early on in his business career. According to documents
unearthed by Johnston, Trump in 1977 made $118,530 and paid $42,386 in taxes; in
1978 he reported negative income of $406,379 and paid nothing, and in 1979
reported negative income of $3.4 million and again paid no taxes. In response to
a question about whether Trump had paid no taxes in recent years and how long
the negative tax liability of the late '70s continued, Trump campaign
spokeswoman Hope Hicks emailed: "You must be kidding, that is more than 35 years
ago when we had an entirely different tax system."

___

PLAYING THE GAME

People can play it safe with their taxes or take aggressive steps to limit their
liability. Trump has said only a "really stupid person is paying a lot of
taxes." His overall approach to his tax returns will show "how he plays the game
with taxes," says Joseph Thorndike, director of the Tax History Project at the
nonprofit Tax Analysts. "It's a big piece of someone's financial life. It's
completely opaque to us at this point."

___

BRAND TRUMP

A big chunk of Trump's personal wealth is tied up in the value of the Trump
brand name, which he licenses far and wide. The billionaire estimated his
personal brand and marketing deals at $3.3 billion when he announced his
candidacy last year, but Forbes magazine knocked that down to a much more modest
estimate of $125 million. Trump's tax returns could offer information about how
much licensing income he receives, providing new clues about the true value of
his brand, according to Thorndike. "It sheds light on the issue, but it's not
going to be a slam-dunk answer," he says.

___

TRUMP'S GIVING

Charitable donations - what and who people support and how much they give - can
tell a lot about their values. Trump told the AP he does most of his
philanthropic giving in his own name rather than through his foundation, but he
didn't detail to whom or how much he donates. Itemized charitable donations on
his tax returns would sketch that out in detail. Onetime GOP rival Ted Cruz,
without providing any evidence, has speculated that Trump could be hiding
donations to "liberal groups like Planned Parenthood." Trump's foundation, which
is financed by contributions from other people, has donated to diverse
organizations ranging from the Gay Men's Health Crisis to the Billy Graham
Evangelical Association. Trump has said he's donated $102 million over the past
five years, but a partial list of donations that his campaign provided appeared
to correspond to gifts from the foundation - not necessarily from Trump's own
pocket. The Trump Organization's website used to refer to Trump as an "ardent
philanthropist." Trump's tax returns could help show whether the description
fits.

___

GOLF GAMES

Tax returns could reveal whether Trump has gotten a whopper of a tax break by
promising not to build luxury houses that he never seemed interested in building
to begin with. The land in question is a driving range at the Trump National
Golf Course in Los Angeles. Tax attorneys say that by making a formal pledge to
a land conservancy that he will never develop homes there, Trump could be
entitled to a sizable tax deduction for the golf easement.

___

TRUMP, THE LIFESTYLE

Trump's taxes could tell a lot about how much of his high-flying lifestyle is
being written off as business expenses. The bills for his giant yacht, for
example, were written off as a casino expense, according to former casino
manager John O'Donnell. Trump's returns probably wouldn't itemize every fuel
receipt for his jet or the like, but they would likely include total deductions
for different types of expenses such meals, travel and more.

___

TRUMP'S NETWORK

Trump reported in his financial disclosures last year that he has nearly 500
businesses, more than 90 percent of them owned entirely by him. Tax experts say
many of those companies may well be "pass-through" entities that would be part
of his personal tax return. So Trump's tax return could tell how much income
they made, offering fresh information about the financial health of his
organization, according to Robert Kovacev, a lawyer at Steptoe & Johnson and
former Justice Department Tax Division official who represents taxpayers in
high-profile tax disputes with the IRS.

___

WILD CARDS

Experience with other candidates indicates there's no telling what else could
show up in those returns. President Richard Nixon ended up paying an extra
$465,000 after he released his tax returns and they turned out to contain errors
and mischaracterizations, says Thorndike. The Clintons' tax returns offered
details about Hillary Clinton's lucrative trading in cattle futures when she was
first lady of Arkansas. Bernie Sanders attracted some attention for deducting
nearly $9,000 in business meals last year. GOP 2012 nominee Mitt Romney, in a
Facebook post Wednesday urging the release of Trump's returns, suggested all
sorts of possibilities: "While not a likely circumstance, the potential for
hidden inappropriate associations with foreign entities, criminal organizations,
or other unsavory groups is simply too great a risk to ignore for someone who is
seeking to become commander in chief," he wrote.

___

Associated Press writers Jeff Horwitz and Chad Day contributed to this report.

___

Follow Nancy Benac on Twitter at http://twitter.com/nbenac

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 4:02 PM GMT

Business owners: We need policy specifics from candidates

BYLINE: By JOYCE M. ROSENBERG, AP Business Writer

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS; Small Talk

LENGTH: 906 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Small business owners say it's time the presidential candidates
provide concrete details on how they'll tackle key issues including taxes,
health care costs and government regulations.

"They haven't been getting to the meat of issues about how they're going to help
small businesses and entrepreneurs in America," says Craig Bloem, owner of
FreeLogoServices.com, a website based in Boston that lets companies design
advertising logos.

In a Wells Fargo survey of 600 business owners released last week, about
three-quarters of the respondents echoed Bloem's sentiments. Most said they
planned to vote in November, and that taxes and the economy topped their list of
concerns.

Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have talked about cutting taxes, including the
personal rates that sole proprietors and members of a partnership pay. On his
campaign website, Trump promises to cut the tax rate for companies big and small
to 15 percent. Clinton vows to provide "targeted tax relief " to small business,
and make it easier to start and grow a business. Bernie Sanders' proposals are
aimed at raising taxes on wealthier people; those with income of $250,000 would
see their tax rates rise. He also wants to raise taxes on large corporations.

The candidates have also made general promises on other issues that affect small
businesses. Trump, for example, says he'd ask Congress to immediately repeal the
health care law that requires companies with at least 50 workers to offer them
health insurance. He says he'd ask Congress to consider reforms to replace the
law. Clinton says she'd build on the law to slow health care costs. Sanders
wants to see Medicare expanded to cover all people and free employers of
responsibility for providing health insurance.

When asked for more specifics about how he'd help small businesses, Trump's
campaign issued a general statement and referred a reporter to the candidate's
website. The Clinton and Sanders campaigns did not respond to repeated emails
seeking comment.

But the candidates will have to start talking in details to win the support of
owners.

"They love being able to say that they're for the small business owner, or at
least they pretend to," says Ernesto Miranda, co-owner of Walker-Miranda, an
architectural design based firm in Dallas. "A lot of things that I see are a
little bit more lip service. I would like to see more concrete plans."

Miranda wants to hear whether candidates are willing to give small businesses
the kind of subsidies and tax breaks large corporations can get for job
creation.

Bloem, the FreeLogoServices.com owner, hopes to learn candidates' proposals for
reducing taxes on the sale of a company, and their plans to encourage small
business innovation through more government contracts.

Brett Randle, CEO of Soulman's Bar-B-Que, a chain of 14 restaurants in the
Dallas area, is interested in how the candidates would ease the burden of
government regulations, including health care. He has 225 employees, and under
the health care law is required to offer them health insurance.

"There's been some talk of advocating for the small business owner," Randle
says. "At this point, it seems more hyperbole than anything."

Small business was a big issue in the 2012 campaign, but not until the summer,
when Republican Mitt Romney accused President Barack Obama of being
anti-business. In 2016, small business concerns are likely to get more attention
when it's certain who the Democratic nominee is, says Marc Meredith, a professor
of political science at the University of Pennsylvania.

But Meredith notes that small business is not necessarily a solid voting bloc -
although business people are usually associated with Republicans, many owners
are Democrats. And according to a survey by Bank of America, relatively few
owners vote solely on the basis of small business issues. Fifteen percent of the
survey's participants said they vote from the perspective of a business owner,
34 percent vote from a personal perspective, and 51 percent said both business
and personal perspectives determine their vote.

And what constitutes a small business varies widely. Small businesses include
companies that have anywhere from zero to several hundred employees, and
businesses as varied as dry cleaners, tech startups, doctor's offices and
franchise restaurants. The issues that concern owners can vary according to
their industry and state and city or town where they're located.

Take the minimum wage, for example, a prominent issue for the Democrats. Clinton
wants to raise the minimum to $12 on the federal level and $15 on the state and
local level. While many restaurant owners and retailers want to slow the pace at
which minimum wages are rising in their cities and states, others say putting
more money in workers' paychecks will give them more spending money, something
that's good for businesses in general.

Still, talking about small business problems can be a good campaign strategy.
There are more than 28 million small businesses in the U.S., and more than 56
million people, about half the nation's workforce, work at a small business.

"They symbolize so much of what many people believe is right and wrong with the
economy," says David Primo, a professor of political science and business at the
University of Rochester.

_____

Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be
found here: http://bigstory.ap.org/content/joyce-m-rosenberg

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 3:59 PM GMT

Middle class shrinks in 9 of 10 US cities as incomes fall

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER, AP Economics Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 986 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In cities across America, the middle class is hollowing out.

A widening wealth gap is moving more households into either higher- or
lower-income groups in major metro areas, with fewer remaining in the middle,
according to a report released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center.

In nearly one-quarter of metro areas, middle-class adults no longer make up a
majority, the Pew analysis found. That's up from fewer than 10 percent of metro
areas in 2000.

That sharp shift reflects a broader erosion that occurred from 2000 through
2014. Over that time, the middle class shrank in nine of every 10 metro areas,
Pew found.

The squeezing of the middle class has animated this year's presidential
campaign, lifting the insurgent candidacies of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.
Many experts warn that widening income inequality may slow economic growth and
make social mobility more difficult. Research has found that compared with
children in more economically mixed communities, children raised in
predominantly lower-income neighborhoods are less likely to reach the middle
class.

Pew defines the middle class as households with incomes between two-thirds of
the median and twice the median, adjusted for household size and the local cost
of living. The median is midway between richest and poorest. It can better
capture broad trends than an average, which can be distorted by heavy
concentrations at the top or bottom of the income scale.

By Pew's definition, a three-person household was middle class in 2014 if its
annual income fell between $42,000 and $125,000.

Middle class adults now make up less than half the population in such cities as
New York, Los Angeles, Boston and Houston.

"The shrinking of the American middle class is a pervasive phenomenon," said
Rakesh Kochhar, associate research director for Pew and the lead author of the
report. "It has increased the polarization in incomes."

The report documents several other key trends:

- Income for the typical household fell in 190 of the 229 metro areas studied,
further evidence of the decline in U.S. living standards since 1999. Median
incomes fell even in wealthier cities such as San Francisco, Seattle and Denver.

- Income inequality is lifting some Americans closer to the top even as people
in the middle fall further. Median incomes fell 8 percent nationwide from 1999
to 2014. Yet the share of adults in upper-income homes rose to 20 percent from
17 percent. Middle-income households declined to 51 percent from 55 percent.

- The hollowing out of the middle class has occurred even as the income needed
to meet Pew's definition of the middle has declined. A three-person household
had to earn $45,115 in 1999 to qualify as middle-class. Now, that figure is just
$41,641.

Wendell Nolen, 52, has experienced the slide from middle-class status firsthand.
Eight years ago, he was earning $28 an hour as a factory worker for Detroit's
American Axle and Manufacturing Holdings, assembling axles for pickup trucks and
SUVs.

But early in 2008, things unraveled. After a three-month strike, Nolen took a
buyout rather than a pay cut. Less than a year later, the plant was closed and
American Axle shipped much of its work to Mexico.

Now Nolen makes $17 an hour in the shipping department of a Detroit steel
fabricator, about 40 percent less than he made at the axle plant.

"America is losing jobs because of the free trade stuff," Nolen argued. "They're
selling America out."

Many of the income changes in the past 15 years have been much more dramatic at
the local level than nationally. There are now 79 metro areas in which the
proportion of adults in upper-income households equals or exceeds the national
average of 20 percent. That's more than double the 37 cities in which that was
true in 2000.

And the proportion of adults in lower-income households meets or exceeds the
national average of 29 percent in 103 areas, up from 92 in 2000.

The report studied 229 of the largest U.S. metro areas, which constituted 76
percent of the U.S. population.

Overall, cities with the largest middle classes are more likely to be in the
Midwest. Those with the biggest low-income populations are more often in the
Southwest, particularly near the Mexico border. Metro areas with the highest
proportions of upper-income households are more likely to be found in the
Northeast or along the West Coast.

Even many of the cities with substantial middle-class populations are still
under stress, according to Pew's research. For example, Wausau, Wisconsin, and
Youngstown-Warren, Ohio, are among the cities with the largest proportions of
adults in middle-class homes, at 67.2 percent and 60.2 percent, respectively.

Yet median incomes have fallen sharply in both cities. They fell 8.5 percent in
Wausau and 12.9 percent in Youngstown, Pew found.

In addition, both cities now have larger proportions of lower-income residents
and smaller proportions of upper-income households. That suggests that their
middle classes have been bolstered by downward mobility: Some richer households
fell into the middle, and middle-income earners fell into lower brackets.

In some cases, many former middle-class residents have moved up. In others,
they've fallen lower.

Middle-class adults now constitute less than half of Boston's adult population,
down from 56 percent in 2000. Nearly the entire change reflects an increase in
upper-income earners. The lower-income proportion was little changed.

In Atlanta, the reverse is true: Middle-income adults have fallen to just over
half the total from 56 percent. High-earners dropped about 1 percentage point to
22.6 percent. Yet lower-income adults, jumped 7 points to 27 percent.

___

AP Auto Writer Tom Krisher contributed to this report from Detroit.

___

Contact Chris Rugaber at http://Twitter.com/ChrisRugaber

___

An interactive map showing changes in incomes by metro area is at:
http://www.pewsocialtrends.org/interactives/middle-class-metro-map/

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 3:38 PM GMT

AP NewsAlert

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 19 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Speaker Paul Ryan says he was encouraged by talk with Donald
Trump, will take time to unify GOP.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 3:07 PM GMT

Speaker Ryan after meeting with Donald Trump: Totally committed to working
together

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 17 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Speaker Ryan after meeting with Donald Trump: Totally
committed to working together.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 2:09 PM GMT

Hillary Clinton says she supports statehood for DC

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 150 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton says she'll fight to make the District of
Columbia the nation's 51st state if she's elected president.

Clinton wrote about her support for District statehood in an op-ed published
Wednesday in the Washington Informer, an African-American newspaper. She says
it's unfair that the District's 672,000 residents lack voting representation in
Congress.

President Barack Obama did not publicly announce his support for District
statehood until 2014, and some advocates have criticized him for not doing more.
Republicans generally oppose statehood, in part because the overwhelmingly
Democratic city would almost certainly elect two Democrats to the Senate.

Clinton's op-ed indicates that she'll make statehood an issue during the
campaign for president. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump took no
position on statehood during a recent interview with The Washington Post.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 7:13 AM GMT

DHS released nearly 20,000 criminal immigrants last year

BYLINE: By ALICIA A. CALDWELL, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 908 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. tried repeatedly to deport Jean Jacques, an immigrant
living in the U.S. illegally, but his native Haiti wouldn't take him back after
he served more than a decade in a state prison for attempted murder and
committed multiple parole violations.

Each time Jacques was arrested on a parole violation, he would serve a sentence
in state prison and then be released to immigration custody. At least three
times, Haiti refused to take him back, so Immigration and Customs Enforcement
officials in early 2015 did the same thing they do thousands of times a year -
they released a violent criminal immigrant from jail.

Six months later, Jacques killed Casey Chadwick, a young Norwich, Connecticut,
woman. He was convicted of murder last April and faces sentencing this summer.

Jacques is a textbook example of the kind of immigrant living in the U.S.
illegally that the Obama administration says should be returned to his home
country.

But that's easier said than done.

Jacques' release and that of more than 19,700 convicted criminal immigrants
during the 2015 budget year reveal yet another complication in the country's
complex immigration system. ICE has released tens of thousands of convicted
criminals. Combined, those people have been convicted of hundreds of thousands
of crimes, including murder and sexual assault.

Jacques' case and those of others like him show how difficult it would be to
carry out proposals by some politicians, including presumptive Republican
presidential nominee Donald Trump, that immigration officials simply find and
deport the estimated 11 million immigrants living in the country illegally.

ICE Director Sarah Saldana told Congress recently that agents routinely have
little choice but to release immigrants.

Saldana said the agency is bound by a complex set of immigration laws and rules
that govern which immigrants have to be detained and which ones can be set free
while they wait for an immigration judge to rule on their case. Add to the mix a
yearslong immigration court backlog of nearly half a million cases and some
criminal immigrants could be free in the United States for years before being
ordered out of the country.

"What is unacceptable is even one (release). Why did you release even one
person?" Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, asked Saldana.

Saldana also told lawmakers that an effort to develop a system to alert local
authorities about a newly released criminal immigrant is underway.

But lawmakers and others say it's not enough.

"They got caught committing a crime. They were convicted of the crime and
instead of following the law and deporting them, you released them ... and they
commit more crimes," Chaffetz said. "That is so wholly unacceptable."

Chester Fairlie, the Chadwick family's lawyer, said criminal immigrants like
Jacques need to stay in jail. And the government could pressure other
governments to take back their citizens, he said, by cutting aid packages or
reducing the number of visas available for their citizens to come to the United
States.

"It seems to me that our State Department should have enough leverage to say to
them, you cannot arbitrarily refuse to take these people back," Fairlie said.

The House Judiciary Committee approved a bill in March 2015 that would have
allowed the U.S. to continue to detain some criminal immigrants even if their
home country won't take them back. It hasn't progressed beyond the committee.

But Chaffetz said the administration already can pressure foreign governments to
take their citizens back by curbing visas. He said Homeland Security officials
need to ask the State Department to impose those visa sanctions.

"By U.S. law, these countries must accept deportations or we won't give any more
visas," Chaffetz said. "All I'm asking is that the administration enforces
current law."

The State Department said Wednesday it has been asked to curb visas in the past,
and a meeting is planned between State and DHS officials. It is expected that
DHS officials will make a new request for some visa sanctions, but it's unclear
which countries may be targeted.

The government has briefly stopped issuing some temporary work visas for
immigrants from certain countries that have refused the return of their
citizens, including Guyana in 2001. Such efforts can be a sort of signal to
other nations considering blocking the return of some criminal immigrants.

"You can do it in a targeted way and stop issuing certain categories of visas,"
said Igor Timofeyev, a former director of immigration policy and a special
adviser for refugee and asylum affairs at DHS during President George W. Bush's
administration.

But the effort can be fraught with political and diplomatic complications,
Timofeyev said. In the case of China, for instance, a complicated political and
economic relationship means that being able to send home criminal immigrants is
not the only consideration for an administration.

Nevertheless, Chaffetz and other Republican lawmakers have repeatedly pressed
DHS officials to kick-start efforts to penalize countries whose governments have
refused to cooperate with deportation efforts.

"They shouldn't be getting federal aid," Chaffetz said during the hearing on the
issue. "And we shouldn't be giving them visas so that more people from those
countries can come to the United States."

___

AP Diplomatic Writer Matthew Lee contributed to this report.

___

Follow Alicia A. Caldwell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/acaldwellap

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 141 words


"I think we could win New York State. I really believe we can win this state.
And if we win New York State, the election is over." - Donald Trump on his
expected fall battle with Hillary Clinton for the presidency.

___

"As such, the team has confirmed that both pieces of debris from South Africa
and Rodrigues Island are almost certainly from MH370." - Malaysian Transport
Minister Liow Tiong Lai after the government announced that two more pieces of
debris were likely from missing Malaysian Airlines Flight 370.

___

"We have eliminated all reasonable accidental and natural causes. This was a
criminal act." - Robert Elder, a special agent for the Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, after an investigation concluded that a fire
that was intentionally set caused the 2013 explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant
that killed 15 people.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 3:16 AM GMT

Trump, on Long Island, makes fundraising pitch

BYLINE: BY JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words

DATELINE: WOODBURY, N.Y.


WOODBURY, N.Y. (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump
made a rare appearance at party fundraiser on Wednesday, boosting a county GOP
group while he is on the brink of dramatically expanding his own fundraising
efforts.

But if the Long Island, New York, event was meant to act as a sneak preview of
what a newly honed Trump fundraising pitch will look like, it's clear the
celebrity businessman does not plan to change his brash, showman-like approach.

He taunted his defeated Republican rivals. He told the crowd that it would grow
"so tired of winning" while he was in the White House they'd beg him to lose
once in a while to keep things interesting. He mocked Hillary Clinton's loss in
the West Virginia primary, saying "she got her ass kicked last night."

And he appealed to the Long Island crowd, gathered at a suburban country club
just a dozen or so miles from where the celebrity businessman grew up.

"These are my people," he declared to cheers from the approximately 2,000 people
who paid $200 each to attend the Nassau County GOP's annual "Patriots Reception"
dinner. He boldly predicted he would be victorious this November in New York, a
Democratic stronghold for generations.

"I think we could win New York State. I really believe we can win this state,"
he said. "And if we win New York State, the election is over."

Trump mixed in a few local flourishes - including suggesting a Long Island
construction company could win the contract to build his proposed Mexican border
wall - but largely delivered the same style of speech he has been giving across
the nation, including at a handful of fundraisers, since he launched his
unlikely presidential campaign 11 months ago.

It remains to be seen if he'll change his approach when he begins more
aggressively asking for money for his general election bid.

Trump had made it a point of pride to note that he has largely self-funded his
campaign to this point and has been able to eschew time-consuming fundraising.
However, just hours before he spoke on Long Island, his team booked his first
campaign fundraiser, set to be held later this month in Los Angeles.

The Republican standard-bearer has also begun to dramatically expand his
fundraising team. His newly named national finance chairman, Steven Mnuchin,
said Wednesday that the campaign and Republican Party are "very, very close" to
inking a joint fundraising deal.

____

Contact Jonathan Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1991 words


What's in Trump's returns? A look at how he plays tax game

WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump told The Associated Press this week "there's
nothing to learn" from all those income tax returns he won't release until an
ongoing audit wraps up.

Really?

Tax experts say the feet-high stack of returns that he's posed with for photos
could provide significant insights about the presumptive GOP nominee - new
details on his income and wealth, how much he gives to charity, the health of
his businesses and, overall, how Trump plays the tax game.

Some information that may be embedded in Trump's tax returns:

HOW RICH?

___

Malaysia: 2 more pieces 'almost certainly' from Flight 370

KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Malaysia's government said Thursday that two more
pieces of debris, discovered in South Africa and Rodrigues Island off Mauritius,
were "almost certainly" from Flight 370, which mysteriously disappeared more
than two years ago with 239 people on board.

The announcement means a total of five pieces of debris from the Malaysian
Airlines' jet have now been discovered in various spots around the Indian Ocean
since it vanished on March 8, 2014, while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.

Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said the two new pieces were an engine cowling
piece with a partial Rolls-Royce logo and an interior panel piece from an
aircraft cabin. This was the first interior part found from the missing plane.

An international team of experts in Australia who examined the debris concluded
that both pieces were consistent with panels found on a Malaysia Airlines'
Boeing 777 aircraft, Liow said.

"As such, the team has confirmed that both pieces of debris from South Africa
and Rodrigues Island are almost certainly from MH370," he said in a statement.

___

10 Things to Know for Thursday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. WHAT'S IN TRUMP'S RETURNS

Donald Trump told The Associated Press this week "there's nothing to learn" from
all those income tax returns he's refusing to make public now. Tax experts say
they could provide significant insights.

2. WHO FACES IMPEACHMENT OVER CREATIVE ACCOUNTING

As impeachment proceedings advance against President Dilma Rousseff, she points
to other Brazilian presidents who used creative accounting techniques and were
not punished.

___

Defiant Trump brushes off GOP critics on eve of Ryan meeting

WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump declared Wednesday he doesn't need support from
House Speaker Paul Ryan or other leery Republican leaders, brushing off his
Capitol Hill critics even as he prepared to sit down with them. His defiant
message came amid new signs that he might be right, with GOP voters becoming
more willing to embrace the New York billionaire.

Their public differences are overshadowing the GOP rank and file's movement
toward Trump and his own efforts to broaden his appeal as general election
campaign takes shape.

"If we make a deal, that will be great," Trump told Fox News Channel when asked
about Thursday's meeting with Ryan, who has so far refused to endorse him. "And
if we don't, we will trudge forward like I've been doing and winning all the
time."

Trump's allies echoed his contention that he can claim the White House with or
without leading congressional Republicans, who continue to express reservations
about his tone and inconsistent policy prescriptions. Their public differences
are overshadowing prospective voters' movement toward Trump and his own efforts
to broaden his appeal as the general election campaign takes shape.

His likely November opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton, still has Sen. Bernie
Sanders opposing her for her party's nomination. But she all but ignored him
Wednesday as she campaigned in Blackwood, New Jersey.

___

ATF: Intentional fire caused fatal blast at Texas plant

DALLAS (AP) - A fire that was intentionally set caused the 2013 explosion at a
Texas fertilizer plant that killed 15 people, federal officials said Wednesday,
describing the blaze as "a criminal act."

Federal and state investigators said no arrests have been made, but that
authorities were investigating who may have set the fire inside the West
Fertilizer Co. on April 17, 2013. The fire caused ammonium nitrate to ignite,
triggering a massive explosion that also injured hundreds of people and left
part of the small town of West in ruins.

Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special agent Robert Elder said
investigators came to their conclusion after ruling out other causes. He didn't
release specifics or a possible motive, though inspectors previously said three
possible scenarios caused the fire: faulty electrical wiring, a short circuit in
a golf cart stored at the plant, or arson.

"We have eliminated all reasonable accidental and natural causes," Elder said
during a news conference. "This was a criminal act."

The ATF also released a statement saying investigators determined the fire was
"intentionally set" after investigators conducted more than 400 interviews, a
fire-scene examination, reviewed witness photos and videos, and conducted
"extensive scientific testing" at an ATF fire research laboratory.

___

Debate on Brazil's president future slogs on into the night

BRASILIA, Brazil (AP) - Brazil's Senate on Wednesday night slowly neared a
historic vote on impeaching President Dilma Rousseff, likely ending 13 years of
government by her left-leaning party amid a spate of crises besetting Latin
America's largest nation.

If a simple majority of the 81 senators voted in favor, Rousseff would be
suspended from office and Vice President Michel Temer would take over for up to
six months pending a decision on whether to remove her from office permanently.

Senate President Renan Calheiros said he wanted the vote to take place Wednesday
night, but the pace of the historic session was sluggish. After nearly 12 hours,
fewer than half the 70 senators slated to speak had made their addresses,
sparking predictions that the vote itself probably would not come until the wee
hours of Thursday.

"I'm asking for everybody's patience because we need to see this through to the
end," Calheiros said at one point.

Under the rules of the impeachment process, each senator was allowed up to 15
minutes to speak, and many made full use of their moment in the spotlight -
despite admonishments by Calheiros, who called on speakers to limit themselves
to five to 10 minutes. That suggestion sparked anger from Rousseff's supporters,
who insisted it was a bid to curb their freedom of speech.

___

4 miles of violence: Disturbed man is killed to end rampage

TAUNTON, Mass. (AP) - Two bystanders and an off-duty deputy sheriff were hailed
as heroes Wednesday for intervening when a mentally disturbed man went on a
stabbing rampage at a home and a mall hours after leaving a hospital, killing
two people and injuring at least five others.

Arthur DaRosa's 4-mile trail of destruction, authorities say, included entering
a random home where he stabbed two people eating dinner, several attempted
carjackings, driving a car into a Macy's, beating several people inside the
department store and then stabbing two people in a restaurant. He was shot and
killed by a deputy sheriff when he refused to drop a knife inside the Bertucci's
restaurant, the Bristol County prosecutor said.

District Attorney Thomas Quinn III gave this account:

DaRosa's rampage began Tuesday evening, when he suddenly left his daughter's
soccer practice in Taunton, 40 miles south of Boston, in a Honda Accord owned by
her mother and struck a pickup truck.

DaRosa then tried unsuccessfully to get into several houses before entering a
home where Patricia Slavin, 80, and her daughter, Kathleen Slavin, 58, were
eating dinner. DaRosa stabbed the women, whom he didn't know, and then ran from
the house.

___

Bombings kill 93 in Iraqi capital's bloodiest day this year

BAGHDAD (AP) - In the deadliest violence in Baghdad this year, three car bombs
claimed by the Islamic State group killed 93 people across the Iraqi capital
Wednesday, demonstrating the extremists' ability to mount significant attacks
despite major battlefield losses.

The separate bombings, which also wounded 165 people, came at a time of turmoil
and deadlock in Iraq's government and parliament. The Interior Ministry blamed
the attacks on "political bickering" that is increasingly threatening the
security of the civilian population.

The largest car bomb ripped through a crowded outdoor market selling food,
clothing and household goods in the predominantly Shiite neighborhood of Sadr
City during the morning, killing at least 63 people and wounding 85.

Streets were stained with blood, building facades were heavily damaged and smoke
billowed from stores gutted by the blast. Dozens of people walked through
mangled wreckage of cars and other debris as ambulances ferried away the
injured.

The bomb was in a pickup truck loaded with fruit and vegetables. It was parked
by a man who had quickly disappeared into the crowd, said Karim Salih, a
45-year-old grocer who escaped injury.

___

Questions linger about Prince's choice of local doctor

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - If Prince was seeking help for a problem with prescription
drugs, it would make sense for him to turn to a California addiction specialist
known for new ideas on treatment. Less clear is why he sought care from a local
family care physician with an unassuming resume who met with Prince twice in the
weeks before his death and prescribed him unknown medications.

The day Prince died, he was scheduled to meet with the son of Dr. Howard
Kornfeld, the California specialist in addiction treatment and pain management.
But in the weeks before Prince's April 21 death, he met twice with Dr. Michael
Todd Schulenberg, who worked at a Minnetonka clinic a few miles from Prince's
Paisley Park studio and home, according to search warrant documents released
Tuesday.

Prince's cause of death is still unknown, as the autopsy results haven't been
released. But a law enforcement official has told The Associated Press that
investigators are looking into whether he died from an overdose and whether a
doctor was prescribing him drugs in the weeks before his death. The official has
been briefed on the investigation and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity
because he wasn't authorized to speak to the media.

Investigators interviewed Schulenberg the day Prince died and searched a
suburban Minneapolis hospital that employed him. The warrant documents didn't
specify what medications were prescribed or whether Prince took them.

The warrant details came out the same day investigators returned to Prince's
estate and stayed for several hours without saying why.

___

Scherzer has 20 Ks, ties MLB record as Nats top Tigers 3-2

WASHINGTON (AP) - Max Scherzer struck out 20 batters, matching the major league
record for a nine-inning game as he pitched the Washington Nationals past the
Detroit Tigers 3-2 on Wednesday night.

Scherzer had a chance to break the mark when James McCann stepped to the plate
with two outs in the ninth inning. McCann, who whiffed his previous three times
up, grounded to third base for the final out.

The breathtaking performance came in Scherzer's first outing against the Tigers,
his former team. The ace right-hander, who pitched two no-hitters for Washington
last season and struck out 17 in the second one, joined Roger Clemens (twice),
Kerry Wood and Randy Johnson as the only big league pitchers to compile 20
strikeouts in nine innings.

Johnson accomplished his feat for Arizona during a 2001 game that went 11
innings. Tom Cheney holds the major league record with 21 strikeouts when he
pitched all 16 innings for the Washington Senators against Baltimore in 1962.

"I think it was about the eighth inning when I punched out somebody and they
said that was 18, that was the first time I heard the number, so I knew I had a
shot at going out for the ninth and 20," said Scherzer, who did not issue a walk
all night.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 2:30 AM GMT

AP Explains: Bias complaints on Facebook's 'trending' tool

BYLINE: By BARBARA ORTUTAY, AP Technology Writer

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - What's behind the accusations that Facebook is manipulating its
"trending topics" feature to promote or suppress certain political perspectives?

According to the technology blog Gizmodo , which is owned by Gawker Media, a
former Facebook contractor with self-described conservative leanings said
Facebook downplayed news that conservatives are interested in and artificially
promoted liberal issues such as the "BlackLivesMatter" hashtag. Gizmodo did not
name this person.

Facebook denied the claims, but the GOP-led U.S. Senate Commerce Committee has
sent a letter to Facebook and CEO Mark Zuckerberg requesting answers about the
matter.

Here's a look at what the fuss is about:

___

WHAT ARE 'TRENDING' TOPICS?

Facebook shows popular topics being discussed at any given moment.

As with a similar feature on Twitter, Facebook doesn't purport to show all the
most popular topics. They wouldn't be interesting anyway and would probably
include the weather, cute puppy videos, and years-old listicles about the best
ways to stay thin. Facebook says software formulas identify trending topics, and
humans review them "to confirm that the topics are in fact trending news in the
real world and not, for example, similar-sounding topics or misnomers."

Topics that appear as trending can have a self-fulfilling effect, as more
Facebook readers see and share the items, and other news organizations decide to
write their own stories.

___

FINDING THE TRENDS

On browsers, the topics appear on the top right corner, separate from the news
feed containing updates from your friends and family.

Besides "top trends," users on traditional personal computers can click on
specific topics such as "sports" and "entertainment." On Wednesday, top politics
trends for one U.S. user included comments from "Duck Dynasty" star Phil
Robertson on the transgender bathroom issue as well as the Facebook trending
controversy itself. Topics for another U.S. Facebook user were slightly
different and also had Donald Trump and "Full Frontal" comedy host Samantha Bee
giving a goodbye tribute to Ted Cruz.

On mobile devices, users can tap on the search bar to see the top trends, but
they can't see separate categories, regardless of whether it's on an app or Web
browser.

___

WHERE'S THE PROOF?

There isn't much proof beyond one anonymous former contractor that Facebook is
hiding these conservative trends.

The Associated Press couldn't independently verify the claims. Facebook's vice
president of search, Tom Stocky, said Monday that the company found "no
evidence" that the allegations are true.

"We do not insert stories artificially into trending topics, and do not instruct
our reviewers to do so. Our guidelines do permit reviewers to take steps to make
topics more coherent ... to deliver a more integrated experience," Stocky wrote.

As one example, he cited combining related topics into a single event, such as
"Star Wars" and a movie reference widely used on May 4, "May The Fourth Be With
You."

It might not even be in Facebook's interest to promote or suppress certain
perspectives. The service is used by 1.65 billion people each month, most of
them outside the U.S. Facebook has an interest in keeping these people happy,
regardless of their political leanings, so that they keep using the service and
advertisers keep courting them. Zuckerberg typically sets his sights on the next
decade - and decades - into Facebook's future. As such, an election year such as
this one is but a blip.

___

BACKLASH FOR FACEBOOK?

Facebook's sheers size and ubiquity means any controversy can attract the
attention of the news media, politicians and political activists. Other recent
examples include the company's frequent changes to its privacy policies and its
requirement that drag queens and other transgender users use their real names on
the site.

The latest firestorm has led to plenty of media coverage, as well as a letter
from U.S. Sen. John Thune, the South Dakota Republican who heads the Commerce
Committee. He requested information on who at the company made the decisions on
stories that appear in the trending feature. He asked for answers by May 24.

___

A BIG DEAL?

If evidence emerges that Facebook favors certain political perspectives, it
would be a big deal, as it could cause people to lose trust in the company as a
neutral platform.

Thirty percent of U.S. adults get news on Facebook, according to the Pew
Research Center. The firestorm suggests a certain degree of anxiety about the
influence Facebook is having in shaping the worldview of its users by becoming
their main news source, even as newspapers across the U.S. are shutting down
amid low readership and declining advertising dollars.

___

Online:

Gizmodo report: http://bit.ly/1Xh1kg5

Facebook response: http://bit.ly/24IUdTc

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 1:32 AM GMT

Defiant Trump brushes off GOP critics on eve of Ryan meeting

BYLINE: By STEVE PEOPLES and THOMAS BEAUMONT, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 943 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump brushed off his Capitol Hill critics Wednesday,
declaring he doesn't need House Speaker Paul Ryan or other leery Republican
leaders, even as he prepared to sit down with them. His defiant message came
amid new signs that he might be right, with GOP voters becoming more willing to
embrace him.

"If we make a deal, that will be great," Trump told Fox News Channel when asked
about Thursday's meeting with Ryan, who has so far refused to endorse him. "And
if we don't, we will trudge forward like I've been doing and winning all the
time."

Trump's allies and advisers echoed his contention that he can claim the White
House with or without leading congressional Republicans, who continue to express
reservations about his tone and inconsistent policy prescriptions. Their public
differences are overshadowing Trump's efforts to broaden his political appeal as
the next phase of the 2016 contest begins.

His likely November opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton, still has Sen. Bernie
Sanders opposing her for her party's nomination. But she all but ignored him
Wednesday as she campaigned in Blackwood, New Jersey.

She focused instead on Trump's statement in an Associated Press interview that
he doesn't plan to release his tax returns until an ongoing audit is completed.
Should Trump not release his returns before the November election it would mark
a break from precedent for presidential nominees.

"So you've got to ask yourself why doesn't he want to release it? Yeah, well,
we're going to find out," Clinton told supporters.

Meanwhile, more Republican voters appear to be moving behind Trump, despite
big-name holdouts such as Ryan, both former president Bushes and the party's
2012 nominee Mitt Romney.

Almost two in three Republican-leaning voters now view Trump favorably, compared
to 31 percent who view him unfavorably, according to a national Gallup Poll
taken last week. The numbers represent a near reversal from Gallup's survey in
early March.

"Despite the contentious primary process, the party is healing itself and
scabbing over," said Republican pollster Greg Strimple.

Ryan insisted Wednesday that Republican Party unity is paramount, even if he's
not yet willing to endorse the GOP's presumptive presidential nominee.

"What we're trying to do is be as constructive as possible and have a real
unification," Ryan said at a Capitol Hill news conference. "We have to be at
full strength to win this election."

Trump is to meet with Republican leaders Thursday morning at the Republican
National Committee headquarters. The private meetings represent his first
tangible steps toward repairing his strained relationships with the nation's
most powerful elected Republicans.

While Thursday's meetings may highlight party divisions, Trump's team sees them
as a win-win.

They'd like to secure Ryan's support, but believe that signs of continued
opposition from congressional Republicans would simply reinforce his outsider
appeal. Additionally, Trump's team doesn't believe Ryan or the GOP's other
congressional leaders have any significant influence on the majority of general
election voters.

"Donald Trump is unifying the party already," said Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions,
Trump's chief Washington ally. "The party is the people who vote."

New York Rep. Chris Collins, also a Trump supporter, said the billionaire
businessman would be stronger with Ryan's support, "but frankly, Donald Trump is
going to win regardless of who supports him and who doesn't support him."

Wednesday night, Trump's campaign released an endorsement signed by the chairs
of seven House committees. "It is paramount that we coalesce around the
Republican nominee, Mr. Donald J. Trump," the GOP lawmakers wrote.

While Trump's team is prepared to shrug off much of the party's establishment,
that does not include the Republican National Committee.

The political novice plans to rely heavily on the committee's expansive
political operation to supplement his bare-bones campaign, which has so far
ignored seemingly vital functions such as voter data collection, swing-state
staffing and fundraising infrastructure.

"As we turn our focus toward the general election, we want to make sure there's
the strongest partnership," said Sean Spicer, the Republican National
Committee's chief strategist.

Absent a viable Republican alternative, there were new signs on Capitol Hill
that Trump's conservative critics were beginning to fall in line.

"As a conservative, I cannot trust Donald Trump to do the right thing, but I can
deeply trust Hillary Clinton to do the wrong thing every time," said Rep. Trent
Franks, R-Ariz., adding that he would vote for Trump if that's the choice he
has.

Rep. Raul Labrador, R-Idaho., said he will support Trump, although "I'm not
enthusiastic about it."

"He can get us enthusiastic if he comes to talk to us," continued Labrador, who
is part of the House's conservative "Freedom Caucus." ''These are the people who
are going to go out to the districts that he needs to win overwhelmingly so he
can win the nominations."

Trump on Thursday is to meet first with Ryan and RNC chairman Reince Priebus,
then have a second meeting with Ryan, this time with his House leadership team.
Trump is also expected to meet with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and
other top Senate Republicans.

Another Trump supporter, Rep. John Fleming, R-La., predicted it was "very
unlikely" that Ryan would not ultimately back the Republican nominee.

"He wants to unify the Republican Party, and it all sort of begins tomorrow,"
Fleming said of Ryan.

___

Associated Press writers Erica Werner, Alan Fram, Mary Clare Jalonick and Lisa
Lerer contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 1:21 AM GMT

The Latest: House committee chairs endorse Donald Trump

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 2252 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential campaign (all times
Eastern Daylight Time):

9:15 p.m.

Republican Donald Trump's presidential campaign is announcing new endorsements
from several House committee chairs ahead of his trip Thursday to Washington.

In a press release posted on his Facebook page Wednesday evening, Trump
announced the backing of House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price of Georgia,
Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions of Texas, Agriculture Committee Chairman
Mike Conaway of Texas, and Lamar Smith of Texas, who chairs the Science, Space
and Technology Committee.

Trump already had the public backing of Reps. Candice Miller, Jeff Miller and
Bill Schuster, also committee chairs.

The seven say in a joint statement that the path for Republicans winning in
November "comes through unity."

"It is paramount that we coalesce around the Republican nominee," they say.

__

8:40 p.m.

Michael Bloomberg says he will "think about" whether to endorse either of the
two presidential candidates likely to face off in the November election, Donald
Trump and Hillary Clinton.

The billionaire former New York mayor says, "I'm not sure what I'll do."

But he says only three of the candidates this year had the skills to "run the
railroad" as president: Jeb Bush, John Kasich and Clinton.

Bloomberg earlier this year decided not to pursue the White House as an
independent, and in announcing that decision blasted Trump for running "the most
divisive and demagogic presidential campaign I can remember."

He now says he will spend "nowhere near as much" donating to the presidential
campaigns as he will on down-ballot matchups. He has tended to back mostly
Democrats as he focuses on issues such as gun control and stopping climate
change.

Bloomberg was making the comments Wednesday at the SALT Conference of finance
industry leaders being held in Las Vegas.

__

8:30 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is speaking at a party
fundraiser on Long Island, New York.

"These are my people," Trump declared when he saw the crowd before launching
into a variation of his normal rally speech.

The "Patriots Reception" event, which cost $200 a ticket and was expected to
draw about 2,000 people, is to raise money for the Nassau County GOP.

But it comes as Trump, who has largely self-funded his campaign to this point,
moves to expand his fundraising effort for the general election. His team
announced Wednesday that he will hold its first fundraiser later this month in
Los Angeles.

The celebrity billionaire agreed to the Long Island event after speaking to
local Republican leaders who attended his rally in nearby Bethpage last month.

__

5:15 p.m.

Mitt Romney is keeping up the pressure on Donald Trump to release his tax
returns.

The 2012 GOP presidential nominee is suggesting the real reason Trump is not
releasing his tax returns is that the billionaire is hiding "a bombshell of
unusual size" in the documents.

The accusation came in a pointed Facebook post Wednesday as likely Democratic
presidential candidate Hillary Clinton slammed Trump over the transparency
issue.

Trump said in an AP interview Tuesday that he doesn't believe he has an
obligation to release his tax returns and won't release them before November -
unless an ongoing audit of his finances is completed before Election Day. He
said he wouldn't overrule his lawyers and instruct them to release his returns
if the audit hasn't concluded by then.

Romney called any refusal by Trump to release his tax returns before Election
Day, "disqualifying."

It has become tradition over the last three decades for presidential nominees in
both parties to release their returns.

___

4:43 p.m.

Donald Trump has booked his first campaign fund-raiser, to take place in two
weeks in Los Angeles.

That's according to Steven Mnuchin, Trump's newly named national finance
chairman. Mnuchin would not share details of the event, but he tells The
Associated Press that he's had a "very good reception" and that it will be
hosted by a "high-profile" donor.

Mnuchin says more fundraising details will soon be announced, including the
names of state- and regional-level fund-raisers. He says the campaign and
Republican Party are "very, very close" to inking a joint fund-raising deal.

Mnuchin spoke with the AP in Las Vegas, where he's attending a financial
industry conference hosted by Anthony Scaramucci. Scaramucci last week told The
AP he'd signed on with Trump's fund-raising team.

___

4:09 p.m.

T. Boone Pickens, a billionaire oil investor, is feeling bullish about
presidential candidate Donald Trump.

He says it's time to "try somebody different" as the GOP presidential nominee,
whose unorthodox bid has given other major GOP donors pause.

Pickens, one of the party's most prolific donors, says Trump called him on
Monday and the two had a chuckle about how he'd given big money to GOP rivals
Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina before Trump beat them.

Pickens says he told Trump he's with him now.

The blunt-talking 87-year-old says he would contribute to Trump and likely to a
pro-Trump super PAC, as well, although he says is too early to put a dollar
amount on it.

Pickens made the comments Wednesday at the SALT conference, an annual gathering
of financial industry leaders held in Las Vegas.

Pickens says he agrees with one of Trump's more controversial plans, to
temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country.

___

3:29 p.m.

GOP Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa says he doesn't believe Donald Trump would
try to pay America's creditors less than full value on the government debt they
hold, as the presidential candidate last week suggested.

Grassley told reporters Wednesday that when Trump is president, "he won't pursue
that policy."

When asked how he knew that, Grassley said the United States' "credibility and
credit is very important" to the country and the world. He declined to answer
whether Trump's idea would undermine that.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee suggested recently that he would
buy U.S. debt back at a discount from investors in hopes of refinancing them at
lower rates. Economic experts have criticized the idea, arguing it would send
rates soaring, slow economic growth and undermine confidence in the world's most
trusted financial asset.

Trump later backed off that claim, indicating that the government could avoid
default by printing money. This proposed strategy would likely spark inflation,
economists have said.

___

3:19 p.m.

Sen. Elizabeth Warren has taken to Twitter again to bash Donald Trump. It's the
latest in a series of Internet "tweetstorms" calling Trump on the carpet for his
treatment of women and his insults toward her.

The Massachusetts Democrat has far fewer followers than Trump and she is a
cleaner Twitter fighter than the billionaire. But she is scrappy.

In her latest volley, she tweets: "Your policies are dangerous. Your words are
reckless. Your record is embarrassing. And your free ride is over."

This followed a couple of anti-Warren tweets lobbed by Trump.

Says one: "Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective senators
in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!"

___

2:01 p.m.

Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump's tax agenda was "written by a billionaire for
billionaires" and will benefit the wealthy at the expense of middle-class
workers.

Clinton says in Blackwood, New Jersey, that Trump would add trillions to the
debt in exchange for tax cuts for people earning more than $1 million a year.

The Democratic presidential candidate says Trump should also release his tax
returns. The Republican candidate told The Associated Press in an interview that
he doesn't plan to do that until an audit of his finances is complete. And he
doesn't expect that to be before November.

Clinton says releasing tax returns is "kind of expected" by the presidential
nominees of each party and she notes she has put out more than three decades of
returns.

____

1:55 p.m.

West Virginia's tricky primary rules could cost Donald Trump four delegates. It
won't matter - Trump has 92 percent of the delegates needed to win the
nomination.

But it illustrates the whacky ways in which some states award convention
delegates.

Trump easily won the West Virginia primary. However, most of the state's
delegates are elected directly by voters.

Twenty-two delegates were elected based on the statewide vote, and the top 22
vote getters were all Trump delegates. However, no more than two can be from the
same county.

Trump had 13 from one county and three from another. As a result, he will get 30
of the state's 34 delegates. Three are uncommitted and one went to Ohio Gov.
John Kasich.

Trump has 1,134 delegates. He needs 1,237 to win.

___

11:22 a.m.

Bernie Sanders is trailing Hillary Clinton by 283 delegates.

He won West Virginia on Tuesday, but was only able to close the gap by seven
delegates.

With 29 delegates at stake, Sanders won 18 to Clinton's 11.

That means based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton now has 1,716 and
Sanders has 1,433.

He still needs to win 66 percent of the remaining primary and caucus delegates
if he hopes to close the deficit.

When including superdelegates, or party officials who can back any candidate,
Clinton holds a much wider lead.

She has 2,240 to Sanders' 1,473.

Just 143 delegates short, Clinton remains on track to reach the 2,383 needed to
win the nomination by early next month.

___

10:43 a.m.

House Speaker Paul Ryan says the Republican Party needs to be unified to defeat
Democrat Hillary Clinton in the November election.

Ryan spoke to reporters Wednesday morning ahead of his Thursday meeting with
presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Ryan stunned the GOP
last week when he said he wasn't ready to endorse the billionaire businessman.

Ryan said the party needs a "real unification" and must be at full strength to
win the presidential election.

The speaker has faced some criticism for his reluctance to embrace Trump's
candidacy.

__

8 a.m.

Donald Trump says he may set up a commission to study his immigration policies
and his proposed ban on foreign Muslims entering the U.S. The man he may ask to
lead the commission is the former New York mayor, Rudy Giuliani, who's called
Trump's idea of a Muslim ban unconstitutional.

Trump floated the idea of a commission Wednesday on Fox News and addressed it
only briefly, not saying if this would happen if he wins the White House or
during his Republican presidential campaign.

Trump's call to deny entry to Muslims from abroad until America's security has
been assured is a centerpiece of his campaign. So are his proposals to deport
all people who are in the country illegally.

He says a commission would examine all those issues, as well as the question of
letting in Syrian refugees, and it would be "possibly headed" by Giuliani, the
mayor when New York was attacked on 9/11.

Giuliani said in December that Syrian refugees should not be let in. But he said
a ban on Muslims would violate the Constitution and there can be no religious
test on who is allowed into the country.

___

7:40 a.m.

Donald Trump has won nearly the all the delegates who were at stake in the West
Virginia and Nebraska primaries.

Overall, Trump now has 1,135 delegates, 92 percent of what he needs for the
Republican presidential nomination.

He won all 36 delegates in Nebraska in Tuesday's contest and 31 of the 34
delegates at stake in West Virginia.

West Virginia's complicated rules could cost him the other three, who are
uncommitted. In West Virginia, most of the delegates are elected directly by
voters.

Twenty-two delegates are elected according to the statewide vote. However, no
more than two delegates can be from the same county.

Thirteen Trump delegates ran from Kanawha County, home to Charleston, the state
capital.

___

7:30 a.m.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio says he'll live up to his pledge to the Republican
Party to support the GOP's presidential nominee. But that doesn't appear to mean
he will campaign on behalf of Donald Trump.

Rubio says he still has the same deep reservations about Trump's ideas and
conduct that he voiced as his rival in the primary campaign. He says Trump would
be better served by having help in the campaign from people who agree with his
policies and are enthusiastic about his candidacy.

Rubio is clearly not enthusiastic about Trump at all. But he says Democrat
Hillary Clinton will be a worse choice in the fall campaign. The senator says
he's "even more scared about her being in control of the U.S. government."

___

7:20 a.m.

Donald Trump says he understands why the Bush family "is sitting out" the
Republican presidential campaign.

Trump says he doesn't have the support of former candidate Jeb Bush because "I
hit him really hard." Even so, he says it was "dishonorable" of Bush to back out
of a pledge to support the party's nominee.

Former presidents George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush have also declined to back
Trump.

Trump spoke Wednesday morning on Fox News Channel's "Fox & Friends."

___

7 a.m.

A key House Republican is brushing aside talk of a possible third-party
candidacy in the presidential election campaign.

Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma says it's awfully late for anybody to make such a
move. There have been rumblings of a possible independent bid organized by
conservative Republicans who don't like Donald Trump.

But Cole, who is deputy whip for House Republicans, says on MSNBC's "Morning
Joe" he thinks such an effort would be a waste of time. And he says a
third-party effort from the political right would probably ensure that Democrat
Hillary Clinton becomes president.

___

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 1:18 AM GMT

Pew study sees a shrinking middle class in major US cities

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER, AP Economics Writer

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In cities across America, the middle class is hollowing out.

A widening wealth gap is moving more households into either higher- or
lower-income groups in major metro areas, with fewer remaining in the middle,
according to a report released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center.

In nearly one-quarter of metro areas, middle-class adults no longer make up a
majority, the Pew analysis found. That's up from fewer than 10 percent of metro
areas in 2000.

Pew defines the middle class as households with incomes between two-thirds of
median income and twice the median, adjusted for household size and the local
cost of living. The median is midway between richest and poorest. By Pew's
definition, a three-person household was middle class in 2014 if its annual
income fell between $42,000 and $125,000.

Middle class adults now make up less than half the population in such cities as
New York, Los Angeles, Boston and Houston.

That sharp shift reflects a broader erosion that occurred from 2000 through
2014. Over that time, the middle class shrank in nine out of every 10 metro
areas, Pew found.

"The shrinking of the American middle class is a pervasive phenomenon," said
Rakesh Kochhar, associate research director for Pew and the lead author of the
report. "It has increased the polarization in incomes."

The squeezing of the middle class has animated this year's presidential
campaign, lifting the insurgent candidacies of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.
Many experts warn that widening income inequality may slow economic growth and
make social mobility more difficult. Academic research has found that compared
with children in more economically mixed communities, children raised in
predominantly lower-income neighborhoods are less likely to move into the middle
class.

Wendell Nolen, 52, has experienced the slide from middle-class status
first-hand. Eight years ago, he was earning $28 an hour as a factory worker for
Detroit's American Axle and Manufacturing Holdings, assembling axles for pickup
trucks and SUVs.

But early in 2008, the good life unraveled. After a three-month strike, Nolen
took a buyout rather than a pay cut. Less than a year later, the plant was
closed and American Axle shipped much of its work to Mexico.

Now Nolen makes $17 an hour in the shipping department of a Detroit steel
fabricator, about 40 percent less than he made at the axle plant.

"America is losing jobs because of the free trade stuff," Nolen said. "They're
selling America out."

Nationally, the proportion of middle class adults shrank to 51 percent in 2014
from 55 percent in 2000, Pew found. Upper-income adults now constitute 20
percent of the population, up from 17 percent. The lower-income share has risen
to 29 percent from 28 percent.

Yet the changes have been much more dramatic at the local level. There are now
79 metro areas in which the proportion of adults in upper-income households
equals or exceeds the national average of 20 percent. That's more than double
the 37 cities in which that was true in 2000.

The trend hasn't been quite as pronounced in the other direction: In 103 metro
areas, 29 percent or more of adults now live in poor households, up from 92 in
2000.

The report studied 229 of the largest U.S. metro areas, which constituted 76
percent of the U.S. population.

Overall, cities with the largest middle classes are more likely to be in the
Midwest. Those with the biggest low-income populations are more often in the
Southwest, particularly near the Mexico border. Metro areas with the highest
proportions of upper-income households are more likely to be found in the
Northeast or along the West Coast.

Even many of the cities with substantial middle-class populations are still
under stress, according to Pew's research. For example, Wausau, Wisconsin, and
Youngstown-Warren, Ohio, are among the cities with the largest proportions of
adults in middle-class homes, at 67.2 percent and 60.2 percent, respectively.

Yet median incomes have fallen sharply in both cities. They fell 8.5 percent in
Wausau and 12.9 percent in Youngstown, Pew found. That compares with an 8
percent drop from 2000 to 2014 nationwide.

In addition, both cities have seen their lower-income population shares grow,
while upper-incomes shrank. That suggests their middle classes have been
bolstered by downward mobility, as some richer households fell into the middle,
and middle-income earners fell into lower brackets.

In some cases, many former middle-class residents have moved up. In others, they
have fallen lower.

For example, middle-class adults now constitute just 48.6 percent of the
population in Boston, down from nearly 56 percent in 2000. Nearly the entire
change reflects an increase in upper-income earners, which jumped 7 percentage
points to nearly 30 percent. The lower-income proportion remained about 21.5
percent.

In Atlanta, the middle-income population has fallen to 50.5 percent of the total
from 56 percent. There are fewer higher-earners too: Their share fell about 1
percentage point to 22.6 percent. The gains occurred among lower-income adults,
who jumped 7 points to 27 percent.

The national figures reflect a broad divide: More people moved up than down in
119 communities, Pew found, while the reverse was true in 110.

___

AP Auto Writer Tom Krisher contributed to this report from Detroit.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 12, 2016 Thursday 1:15 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Thursday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. WHAT'S IN TRUMP'S RETURNS

Donald Trump told The Associated Press this week "there's nothing to learn" from
all those income tax returns he's refusing to make public now. Tax experts say
they could provide significant insights.

2. WHO FACES IMPEACHMENT OVER CREATIVE ACCOUNTING

As impeachment proceedings advance against President Dilma Rousseff, she points
to other Brazilian presidents who used creative accounting techniques and were
not punished.

3. PRINCE SOUGHT OUT LOCAL DOCTOR

The musical icon worth millions sought the help of an experienced but seemingly
ordinary local physician in Minnesota, instead of first turning to world-class
health care.

4. FBI CHIEF SAYS ISLAMIC STATE BRAND LOSING POWER IN US

Director James Comey says fewer Americans are traveling to fight alongside the
Islamic State, and the group's influence in the United States appears to be on
the decline.

5. WHERE AUTHORITIES SAY A FIRE THAT KILLED 15 WAS ARSON

Investigators say a 2013 fire at a Texas fertilizer plant was intentionally set,
and that the fire was "a criminal act."

6. WHITE EX-COP IN SOUTH CAROLINA FACES FEDERAL CHARGES

The former police officer already faces a state murder charge in the shooting
death of unarmed black motorist Walter Scott.

7. COLORADO SHOOTING SUSPECT DECLARED INCOMPETENT

A judge's finding in the case of a man who acknowledged killing three people at
a Colorado Planned Parenthood clinic puts his criminal case on hold until his
mental competency can be restored through treatment.

8. BYSTANDERS TO MALL STABBINGS HAILED AS HEROES

Two civilians and an off-duty police officer are being lauded for intervening
when a mentally disturbed man went on a stabbing rampage in Massachusetts.

9. STUCK IN A HYPERLOOP

A company that hopes to zip people and cargo through tubes at hundreds of miles
per hour showed off its Hyperloop One propulsion system in Las Vegas.

10. LEBRON JAMES AGREES, CURRY DESERVES ACCOLADES

James says Golden State's Stephen Curry, the first unanimous winner of the NBA
MVP, deserved the award, but says its meaning is up for interpretation.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 11:35 PM GMT

Request to delay release of names in bridge case is denied

BYLINE: By DAVID PORTER, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A federal judge on Friday denied a request by an
unidentified person prosecutors believe was involved in the 2013 George
Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal to further delay the release of names of
unindicted co-conspirators in the plot.

U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton had ordered the government to release the
list of names by noon Friday in response to a motion filed in January by The
Associated Press and other media organizations.

But she pushed the deadline back to Tuesday after someone filed an anonymous
motion late Thursday seeking to stop publication of the list. She denied that
request, but her decision was appealed to a federal appeals court late Friday.

The person who filed the anonymous request to block publication is referred to
as John Doe in court papers. Doe's lawyer, Jenny Kramer, contended his
reputation would be damaged by being "publicly branded a felon."

"That sacred right - the right not to be branded a criminal without due process
of law - will never be diminished, no matter how much media attention the
Bridgegate fiasco attracts," Kramer wrote.

The judge ruled earlier in the week that the list should be released because the
public's interest outweighs privacy concerns, particularly since it names people
who have not been charged with crimes.

The U.S. attorney's office, which is prosecuting two former allies of Republican
Gov. Chris Christie in the lane-closing scandal, also opposed the release of the
list.

In a brief Friday, Bruce Rosen, an attorney for the media companies, called
Doe's attempt "frivolous and desperate." He said the motion for a hearing was
essentially an attempt to reopen the case and is unsupported by legal precedent
since Doe hadn't demonstrated "extraordinary circumstances."

In addition, Rosen wrote, Doe's argument was without merit because his name
likely will be divulged at trial, making the withholding of the names merely
delaying the inevitable.

Kramer, who served under Christie when he was U.S. attorney, responded that
Rosen's contention that her client wouldn't be harmed by the release of the
names was "absurd."

"If John Doe did not join the conspiracy to block access to the George
Washington Bridge as an act of political retribution, publishing a Government
letter saying that he did is a supreme injustice," she wrote.

Wigenton said in her ruling that she was puzzled that Doe waited until the night
before the list was to be released to attempt to intervene, and disagreed with
Kramer's argument that he wasn't given a chance for due process.

Bridget Kelly, Christie's then-deputy chief of staff, and Bill Baroni, a top
Christie appointee to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, face
federal wire fraud and civil rights charges and are scheduled for trial this
fall. The Port Authority oversees the bridge operations.

Kelly and Baroni are accused of engineering the lane closures to create traffic
jams in Fort Lee, whose Democratic mayor had declined to endorse Christie for
re-election. They have pleaded not guilty and have sought to have the charges
dismissed.

Christie, a former presidential candidate and now a key Donald Trump supporter,
has not been charged and has denied advance knowledge of the closures. This week
he said it was "highly doubtful" he was on the list of unindicted
co-conspirators.

___

Associated Press writer Josh Cornfield in Trenton contributed to this story.

___

Follow David Porter: http://twitter.com/DavidPorter_AP

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 10:45 PM GMT

Guest lineups for the Sunday's news shows

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS; News Shows

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows:

ABC's "This Week" - Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus;
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders.

___

NBC's "Meet the Press" - Pre-empted by English Premier League soccer coverage.

___

CBS' "Face the Nation" - Priebus; former Defense Secretary Robert Gates; Reps.
Chris Collins, R-N.Y., Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn., and Peter King, R-N.Y.

___

CNN's "State of the Union" - Sens. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, and Jeff Merkley,
D-Ore.; Paul Manafort, adviser to Republican presidential candidate Donald
Trump.

___

"Fox News Sunday" - Priebus; Rep. Tim Huelskamp, R-Kan.; former House Speaker
Newt Gingrich.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 9:11 PM GMT

'Self-funded' Donald Trump preparing to seek big-donor money

BYLINE: By JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 999 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


LAS VEGAS (AP) - The billionaire presidential candidate who prides himself on
paying his own way and bashed his competition for relying on political donors
now wants their money - and lots of it.

Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, recently hired a
national finance chairman, scheduled his first fundraiser and is on the cusp of
signing a deal with the Republican Party that would enable him to solicit
donations of more than $300,000 apiece from supporters.

His money-raising begins right away.

The still-forming finance team is planning a dialing-for-dollars event on the
fifth floor of Trump Tower in New York, and the campaign is at work on a
fundraising website focused on small donations. In addition to a May 25
fundraiser at the Los Angeles home of real estate developer Tom Barrack, he'll
hold another soon thereafter in New York.

The political newcomer faces a gargantuan task: A general election campaign can
easily run up a $1 billion tab. For the primary race, Trump spent a tiny
fraction of that amount - he's estimated $50 million of his own money, plus
about $12 million from donors who sought his campaign out on their own.

Trump told The Associated Press in an interview this week that he will spend
minimally on a data operation that can help identify and turn out voters. And
he's betting that the media's coverage of his rallies and celebrity personality
will reduce his need for pricey television advertising.

Yet he acknowledged that the general-election campaign may cost "a lot." To help
raise the needed money, he tapped Steven Mnuchin, a New York investor with ties
in Hollywood and Las Vegas but no political fundraising experience.

"To me this is no different than building a business, and this is a business
with a fabulous product: Donald Trump," Mnuchin said in an interview at a
financial industry conference in Las Vegas. Trump's new national finance
chairman said prospective donors are "coming out of the woodwork" and he's been
fielding emails and phone calls from people he hasn't heard from in 20 years.

More experienced fundraisers are coming aboard, too, such as Eli Miller of
Washington, Anthony Scaramucci of New York and Ray Washburn of Dallas. All three
helped raise money for candidates Trump defeated in the primary.

To convey the amount of work needed to vacuum up money, Scaramucci, part of 2012
GOP nominee Mitt Romney's finance team, recently shared Romney's old fundraising
calendar with Trump. He said Trump was receptive to a schedule that has 50 to
100 fundraisers over the summer.

Scaramucci said he didn't expect Trump to grovel for donors. "But is he going to
say thank you and be appreciative? Of course. He's very good one-on-one. He's a
hard guy not to like."

Trump's dilemma: By asking for money, he could anger supporters who love his
assertion that he's different from most politicians because he isn't beholden to
donors.

He's tried to navigate these tricky waters by saying he wants only to raise
money to benefit the party and help elect other Republicans. But his planned
joint fundraising agreement with Republican officials also provides a direct
route to his own campaign coffers.

Such an arrangement could work like this: For each large contribution, the first
$2,700 or $5,400 goes to Trump's campaign, the next $33,400 goes to the
Republican National Committee, similar amounts could go to national party
accounts and the rest is divided evenly among various state parties the
candidate selects.

Democrat Hillary Clinton set up such a victory committee in September, and it
had collected $61 million by the end of March.

She also counts on several super PACs. They've landed million-dollar checks from
her friends and supporters and already scheduled $130 million in TV, radio and
internet ads leading up to Election Day.

Trump is only now beginning to turn his attention to this kind of big money. A
decision on how fully to embrace outside groups is fraught with possible charges
of hypocrisy, since he has called them "corrupt."

Still, wealthy Trump supporters have several options - and megadonors are
beginning to line up.

Sheldon Adelson, a billionaire Las Vegas casino owner who was the largest donor
of the 2012 presidential race, wrote in a Washington Post editorial this week
that he endorses Trump and is urging "those who provide important financial
backing" to do the same.

Libertarian billionaire Peter Thiel, who co-founded PayPal and pumped millions
of dollars into Ron Paul's presidential bid four years ago, recently signed on
as a California delegate for Trump. And billionaire oil investor T. Boone
Pickens said this week he intends to help finance Trump's effort. He's invited
officials from one of the pro-Trump super PACs to his Texas ranch next month.

That entity, Great America PAC, has struggled to get off the ground but hopes to
raise $15 million to $20 million in the next few months, said its chief
fundraiser, Eric Beach. The group recently brought on Ronald Reagan's campaign
manager Ed Rollins, whom Trump has praised.

On Thursday, another pro-Trump super PAC emerged. Doug Watts, former
communications director for Ben Carson's 2016 bid, started a group called the
Committee for American Sovereignty with an advisory board that include former
Trump resorts executive Nicholas Ribis Sr. and longtime GOP donor Kenneth
Abramowitz. The group aims to raise $20 million before the GOP convention in
July.

One Trump emissary to the world of major donors is billionaire investor Carl
Icahn, who made calls to Pickens and others to gauge their interest in Trump.

Some are biting, either because of support for Trump or a desire to keep Clinton
out of office. Among the latter group is Stanley Hubbard, a Minnesota broadcast
billionaire who spent money trying to "stop Trump."

Having failed in that quest, he said he's prepared to write a check to stop
Clinton.

___

Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.

___

Follow Julie Bykowicz on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/bykowicz

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 9:04 PM GMT

Republican chief: Trump trying very hard to be presidential

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump has been trying hard lately to act more
presidential and should keep meeting individually with Republican leaders to win
the party's trust, the GOP chairman said Friday.

In a brief interview with The Associated Press, Reince Priebus also expressed
uncertainty about whether the party's presumptive presidential nominee needs to
heal his frosty relationship with House Speaker Paul Ryan before the GOP
launches fall campaigns to capture the White House and defend its control of
Congress. Ryan, the top Republican in Congress, has declined to endorse Trump,
though the two men met privately Thursday in a session both said was positive.

"I'm not sure," Priebus of the need for a Trump-Ryan embrace. But he added, "I
do think that Donald Trump understands, and I certainly understand and believe,
that the more unity we have, the better off we're going to be."

The extraordinary chasm between the country's two leading Republicans reflects
ideological differences over spending, immigration and other issues. In
addition, swing district GOP lawmakers worry that Trump's hard-line statements
on Hispanics and comments about women's appearances will imperil their
re-election prospects.

Priebus, who attended Thursday's meeting between Trump and Ryan, said the
session "was more Midwest than New York" and said he believes Ryan will end up
chairing the party's July national convention in Cleveland. Trump had threatened
to keep Ryan from that largely ceremonial role but has since backtracked.

Priebus repeatedly referred to the problems political professionals have had
assessing Trump's candidacy, saying people have been "completely wrong about
Donald Trump and the playbook."

Trump seems all but certain to formally become the GOP nominee at the party's
convention, despite his insulting entire voting blocs and personal invectives
against many of his rivals.

"He's been trying very hard to be presidential and gracious and I think he's
actually done a nice job of that lately," Priebus said of Trump, "And I expect
him to continue working at it and getting the job done."

To win over Republicans who continue resisting his candidacy, Trump should
continue visiting party leaders, Priebus said. Trump also met Thursday with
other House GOP leaders and with top Senate Republicans.

"Obviously he's a salesman. So he's naturally talented, and I think the more he
does that individually here with leaders of our party, the better off I think
he's going to be," Priebus said.

Sidestepping a fresh dispute, Priebus said it is up to Trump and the public
whether the billionaire should release his tax returns. Trump refused Friday to
reveal even the tax rate he pays, saying he would not do so until the IRS
finishes auditing his returns.

Priebus also said he didn't know what to make of a report in The Washington Post
that Trump posed as his own spokesman more than two decades ago in phone
conversations with reporters in which he provided details about the New York
businessman's personal relationships.

The Post posted online a recording of one such phone call from 1991. On NBC's
"Today" show Friday, Trump denied the voice was his.

"I don't know if it's true or not, so I don't know what to tell you," Priebus
said.

Asked about Trump's departure from GOP orthodoxy on some issues - such as his
opposition to trade treaties and to culling savings from big benefit programs
like Medicare - Priebus downplayed the differences. Conservatives have been
threatening to battle Trump over the GOP platform at the Cleveland convention if
he tries altering crucial party principles.

"I don't think Donald Trump is interested in rewriting the platform of the
Republican Party," said Priebus. He said "80 to 95 percent of the things he
believes in are in line with our platform, and no candidate has been totally in
line with our platform."

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 8:01 PM GMT

Woman's obituary: In lieu of flowers, don't vote for Trump

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: AUBURN, Ala.


AUBURN, Ala. (AP) - A family grieving the death of an Alabama-born woman has a
request for friends and relatives: Don't vote for Donald Trump.

Relatives of 34-year-old Katherine Michelle Hinds published an obituary Friday
in the Opelika-Auburn News that includes the line: "In lieu of flowers, do not
vote for Donald Trump."

Hinds' mother, Susan Pool, says her daughter didn't like the presumptive
Republican nominee for president and feared for the future of her three young
children if he's elected.

Pool says her daughter would have liked the anti-Trump message in her obituary
although they never talked about the possibility.

Hinds died April 29 near Seattle, Washington, where she had been living. Her
father, Allen Hinds, says an autopsy is being performed to determine the cause
of death.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 7:14 PM GMT

The Latest: GOP chief hopes Trump will meet more lawmakers

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 1048 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on the 2016 presidential campaign (all times
local):

3 p.m.

The chairman of the Republican Party says Donald Trump has been trying hard to
be presidential and doing that well lately.

In a brief interview Friday with The Associated Press, Republican National
Committee Chairman Reince Priebus also said the party's presumptive presidential
nominee should keep having conversations with GOP leaders. Trump met Thursday
with House Speaker Paul Ryan and other GOP leaders.

A Trump supporter, California GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter, says he's heard that Trump
plans to meet rank-and-file GOP lawmakers in coming weeks.

Priebus says it's up to Trump and the public whether the billionaire should
release his tax returns. Trump says he won't do that until IRS audits are
complete.

Priebus also said he didn't know what to make of a report in The Washington Post
that Trump posed as his own spokesman more than two decades ago when speaking to
a reporter about his personal relationships.

___

2:50 p.m.

Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson says he's "sympathetic with someone like Mr. Trump"
and wants to give him time to get up to speed on policy issues before pressing
fellow Republicans to endorse him.

Johnson tells The Associated Press he identifies with Trump because they both
entered politics from the business world. Johnson says he wants to give the
billionaire "a chance to get the briefings" to see where he can agree with
Republicans.

Johnson has endorsed Trump. The senator is running for re-election against
Democrat Russ Feingold.

___

2 p.m.

A congressional supporter of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump says the candidate expects to meet rank-and-file House members in the next
few weeks.

California GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter says two Trump operatives told him of the
plans Friday morning at a meeting of about 30 House supporters of Trump.

Hunter said the two are Rick Dearborn, chief of staff to Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff
Sessions, another Trump supporter, and Scott Mason, who is Trump's liaison to
Congress.

Hunter and another Trump backer - Pennsylvania GOP Rep. Tom Marino - said that
in a mark of how Trump's backing in Congress is growing, only a small number of
Republican lawmakers attended a previous meeting of Trump's House supporters
just a few weeks ago.

Trump met Thursday with Senate and House GOP leaders, including House Speaker
Paul Ryan, who has yet to endorse the billionaire's candidacy.

___

10:15 a.m.

Back when Donald Trump's love life was tabloid heaven, a Trump spokesman with
intimate knowledge of the businessman's personal relationships offered juicy
stories about a failing marriage, a new live-in paramour and three other
girlfriends he was juggling at once.

The spokesman identified himself as John Miller. But The Washington Post says it
was actually Trump, posing as his own spokesman on the phone with a reporter who
wondered why Miller's voice sounded so familiar.

The Post has unearthed a recording of that 1991 phone call.

On NBC's "Today" show Friday, Trump denied being the voice on the phone. He
says: "I don't know anything about it."

The Post says Trump was known in those days for posing as public relations men
to advocate for himself, under several alter egos.

___

9 a.m.

Donald Trump's plan to fund what could be a $1 billion general-election bid is
coming into focus.

The presumptive Republican nominee has hired a finance team and scheduled
fundraisers, including one in Los Angeles. His finance team plans a telethon at
Trump Tower to raise cash.

Trump's campaign also is completing a deal with Republican officials that will
enable him to solicit six-figure checks from donors.

And super PACs are forming to help him. One that was announced Thursday aims to
raise $20 million by the Republican convention in July. Former Ronald Reagan
campaign manager Ed Rollins was recently hired and will meet next month with
billionaire Texas oil investor T. Boone Pickens.

Asking for financial help is a major change for Trump, who largely self-funded
his primary bid.

___

8:15 a.m.

Donald Trump says he doesn't keep money in Swiss banks or offshore accounts and
his tax rate is no one's business.

In interviews televised Friday, the Republican presidential candidate was
defending his refusal to release his tax returns until an IRS audit is complete.

Trump says he doesn't think the public has a right to review his tax returns
before people vote in November. Still, Trump says he will "gladly" do so if the
audit is finished by then.

He told ABC's "Good Morning America" ''I've built a massive business. I want to
make sure everything is perfect."

When asked his tax rate, Trump said: "It's none of your business. You'll see it
when it's released."

___

8:10 a.m.

Donald Trump says Amazon founder and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos is using
his newspaper to help the online retailer avoid taxes.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee tells Fox News that Bezos is
"using The Washington Post for power so that the politicians in Washington don't
tax Amazon like they should be taxed."

The comments came after the newspaper's associate editor, Bob Woodward, was
quoted as saying the Post has "20 people working on Trump." The newspaper has
also announced plans to publish a book on Trump.

In a statement, Post executive editor Martin Baron says he's "received no
instructions from Jeff Bezos" regarding campaign coverage, and the decision to
write a book came from the newsroom. Amazon didn't immediately respond to a
request for comment.

___

3:40 a.m.

Pressure is mounting on Bernie Sanders to end his campaign for president.
Democratic Party leaders are raising alarms that his continued presence in the
race is undermining efforts to beat presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump this
fall.

The new concerns come after Sanders' recent wins over front-runner Hillary
Clinton in Indiana and West Virginia.

While those victories have provided his supporters a fresh sense of momentum
heading into next week's primaries in Kentucky and Oregon, they did almost
nothing to help Sanders cut into Clinton's nearly insurmountable lead in the
delegates who will decide their party's nomination.

Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein says Clinton hasn't been able to focus on the
general election in the way she should.

___

This story corrects the Post editor's name.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 7:10 PM GMT

Democrats fear Sanders is undermining efforts to beat Trump

BYLINE: By LISA LERER and KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 910 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic Party leaders are upping the pressure on Bernie
Sanders to drop his presidential campaign, alarmed that his continued presence
is undermining efforts to beat the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump,
and again win the White House.

"I don't think they think of the downside of this," said Sen. Dianne Feinstein,
D-Calif., a supporter of front-runner Hillary Clinton and broker of the
post-primary peace between Clinton and then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama in 2008.

"It's actually harmful because she can't make that general-election pivot the
way she should," Feinstein said. "Trump has made that pivot."

The new concerns come after Sanders' recent wins over Clinton in Indiana and
West Virginia. While those victories have provided his supporters a fresh sense
of momentum heading into next week's primaries in Kentucky and Oregon, they did
almost nothing to help Sanders cut into Clinton's nearly insurmountable lead in
the delegates who will decide their party's nomination.

Still Sanders soldiers on, frequently telling the thousands of supporters who
attend his rallies that he still has a narrow path to the nomination.

"Please do not moan to me about Hillary Clinton's problems," Sanders said in a
recent interview with MSNBC. "It is a steep hill to climb, but we're going to
fight for every last vote."

Clinton, her aides and supporters have largely resisted calling on Sanders to
drop out, noting that she fought her 2008 primary bid against Obama well into
June. But now that Trump has locked up the Republican nomination, they fear the
billionaire businessman is capitalizing on Sanders' decision to remain in the
race by echoing his attacks and trying to appeal to the same independent,
economically frustrated voters that back the Vermont senator.

"I would just hope that he would understand that we need to begin consolidating
our vote sooner rather than later," said Rep. Steve Israel, D-N.Y., a Clinton
backer and former chief of efforts to elect Democrats to the House. "Democrats
cannot wait too long."

Though Clinton has for the past few weeks largely focused her rhetoric on Trump,
campaign aides say the two-front effort hampers their ability to target both
Sanders supporters and Republican-leaning independents that may be open to her
candidacy. It also means she's spending time in primary states, rather than
battlegrounds that will decide the general election.

Clinton will return to Kentucky on Sunday, two days before the state's primary.
She's sending high-level advocates to the state this weekend to rally voters,
among them Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell and
Reps. James Clyburn of South Carolina, G.K. Butterfield of North Carolina,
Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas and Hakeem Jeffries and Joe Crowley of New York.

While they can talk up Clinton, Sanders' determination to contest every state
remaining has kept Obama and Vice President Joe Biden largely on the sidelines,
benching two of her most powerful advocates.

"It all sort of slows the takeoff of her general-election campaign," said Ohio
Sen. Sherrod Brown, a member of the party's liberal wing from a perennial
battleground.

Sanders' campaign saw its fundraising drop by about 40 percent last month and
he's laid off hundreds of staffers. Biden said this week he "feels confident"
that Clinton will be the nominee. Even Obama is pointing out the realities of
the delegate math, which puts Clinton on track to capture the nomination early
next month.

Clinton has won 23 states to Sanders' 19, capturing 3 million more votes than
her rival along the way. She has 94 percent of the delegates needed to win the
nomination, which means she could lose all the remaining states and still emerge
as the nominee - as long as all her supporters among the party insiders known as
superdelegates continue to back her.

Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook wrote in a memo to donors this week that
there is "no doubt" Clinton will be the Democratic nominee, describing her lead
as "insurmountable."

White House officials believe Obama has the ability to coax some die-hard
Sanders' fans into the Clinton camp, particularly young people and liberals. But
if he moves before Clinton officially captures the nomination, he risks angering
those voters and undermining that effort.

Clinton faces a similar calculus. While her international expertise could
attract foreign policy-focused Republicans and suburban women, highlighting her
record on those issues now might encourage Sanders to resurrect attacks on her
vote in favor of the Iraq war.

"When his rhetoric takes a sharper tone against her, the hairs on the back of my
neck stand up," said Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo. "I know that can be used as
ammunition."

Clinton backers say there's plenty for Sanders to do in his old job - and a lot
of good reasons for him to join forces. If Democrats regain the majority in the
Senate, he'd likely become chairman of the powerful Senate Budget Committee.

"We are looking forward to welcoming him back to the Senate," said Sen. Debbie
Stabenow, D-Mich.

Others note that Clinton has gone through this before and the party was able to
unite after a tough primary in 2008.

"She knows this is a long process. It's a marathon you run to the end," said
Rep. Xavier Becerra, D-Calif. "On the Democratic side, we're attacking issues,
not each other."

___

Follow Lisa Lerer and Ken Thomas on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/llerer and
http://twitter.com/kthomasdc

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 6:59 PM GMT

Trump: Amazon's Bezos uses Washington Post to avoid taxes

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 145 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump says Amazon founder and Washington Post owner Jeff
Bezos is using his newspaper to help the online retailer avoid taxes.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee tells Fox News that Bezos is
"using The Washington Post for power so that the politicians in Washington don't
tax Amazon like they should be taxed."

The comments came after the newspaper's associate editor, Bob Woodward, was
quoted as saying the Post has "20 people working on Trump." The newspaper has
also announced plans to publish a book on Trump.

In a statement, Post executive editor Martin Baron says he's "received no
instructions from Jeff Bezos" regarding campaign coverage, and the decision to
write a book came from the newsroom. Amazon didn't immediately respond to a
request for comment.

___

This story has been updated to correct the Post executive editor's name.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 5:51 PM GMT

Trump says his tax rate is no one's business

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 258 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is refusing to
disclose even what tax rate he pays until an IRS audit of his tax returns is
complete.

"It's none of your business," he told ABC's "Good Morning America" when asked
what tax rate he pays in a phone interview Friday. "You'll see it when I
release. But I fight very hard to pay as little tax as possible."

Trump has refused to release his tax returns until, he says, an IRS audit is
done. He says he will "gladly" release them when that happens, but makes no
guarantees it will happen before Election Day.

In an interview with The Associated Press this week, Trump said he hoped the
audit would be done in time but feels no obligation to the public to get the
returns out before people vote.

"I really don't, and I'll tell you why," he said. "You don't learn anything from
a tax return. I think nobody knows more about taxes than I do, maybe in the
history of the world. Nobody knows more about taxes. You can learn very little
from a tax return." He also said he doesn't believe voters have much interest in
the issue.

Still, he said, "I hope it gets finished soon. And if it gets finished soon I
put it out immediately 'cause there's nothing there. But until you get finished,
you won't."

In fact, tax experts say the documents could provide significant insights into
Trump's income and wealth, how much he gives to charity, the health of his
businesses and, overall, how Trump plays the tax game.

Trump also said on ABC he doesn't keep money in Swiss banks or offshore
accounts.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 5:27 PM GMT

Obama to world: Be more like the Nordics

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN HENNESSEY and BRADLEY KLAPPER, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democrats may argue over whether places like Denmark and
Norway are model societies. President Barack Obama is sure.

Apparently well beyond concerns about being branded a socialist, Obama on Friday
celebrated the five Nordic nations as examples of reliability, equality,
generosity, responsibility, even personal happiness.

As he welcomed the Nordic leaders to the White House, he owned up to thinking
perhaps the small havens of social liberalism should take the reins every now
and then.

He joked: "Why don't we just put all these small countries in charge for a
while?"

The remark in some ways encapsulated a White House summit with the leaders of
Norway, Sweden, Finland, Iceland and Denmark. The discussions covered a slate of
issues weighing heavily on the region - including concerns about Russian
aggression, managing refugee flows in Europe and fighting the Islamic State in
Iraq and Syria - but little disagreement among nations that largely see
eye-to-eye.

From the State Dining Room, Obama said the leaders spoke about augmenting
special operations forces fighting IS in the Middle East. He also hailed Denmark
for almost doubling its troop commitment toward the multinational forces
assisting Afghanistan.

Three of the five nations are NATO members, including Denmark and Norway, which
each have contributed nearly as many troops on the ground in Iraq as Germany.
Sweden and Finland are neutral but are participating in the U.S.-led campaign
against IS and are, as Obama asserted, helping ensure that sanctions on nearby
Russia stay in place until it stops occupying and destabilizing parts of
Ukraine.

The White House cast the rare multilateral summit as something of a diplomatic
walk in the park compared to recent, more contentious sit-downs in the Middle
East, or even in Europe. Where Obama often is tasked with nudging reluctant
partners to contribute more to international partnerships, the Nordic leaders,
he said, are willing partners who "punch above their weight."

After the meeting, Obama joked there was perhaps "probably too much agreement"
to make for much excitement.

Obama praised the region's "enormously generous" efforts to alleviate the
migrant crisis plaguing Europe, even as it has severely tested the limits of
traditional refugee havens Denmark and Sweden.

Sweden, a nation of almost 10 million people, tightened its borders after
receiving 160,000 asylum requests last year alone. In the U.S., that would
equate to some 5 million prospective immigrants, many from war-ravaged Syria,
Iraq and Afghanistan. The U.S. is struggling to meet a target of admitting
10,000 Syrian refugees this year.

"It is important for the world to carry this burden alongside them," Obama said.

Friday's meetings and state dinner come during a U.S. political season in which
the Nordic countries have made surprising cameos.

Democratic presidential candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton have
publicly debated whether Denmark, Sweden and Norway should be models for U.S.
policy on worker's rights and paid family leave. Clinton notably dismissed the
notion in a debate last year, declaring, "We are not Denmark."

Yet despite their deep-rooted socialist traditions, four of the five Nordic
countries are currently run by center-right governments, and Obama noted their
commitment to free trade and free markets.

On the Republicans side, standard-bearer Donald Trump has suggested the U.S.
should untangle itself from the sort of international partnerships Obama and
Nordic allies readily embrace.

Obama's position Friday was unequivocal.

"The world would be more secure and more prosperous if we just had more partners
like our Nordic partners," he said, standing alongside President Sauli Niinisto
of Finland and Prime Ministers Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson of Iceland; Lars Loekke
Rasmussen of Denmark; Stefan Lofven of Sweden; and Erna Solberg of Norway.

Making light with his five guests, Obama referenced a series of Nordic clichés.
He noted how Americans of Nordic descent took with them their woolly sweaters
and the lye-cured fish Lutefisk, while children across the United States read
Hans Christian Andersen's tales and Astrid Lindgren's "Pippi Longstocking,"
summarizing Nordic-U.S. interaction from the explorations of Leif Erikson to the
pop music of Abba.

True to form, the Nordics agreed to share the role of speaker throughout the day
of festivities.

Following Obama opening remarks in the White House's Grand Foyer, Finland's
Niinisto called his region as a whole a "superpower." It would amount to the
12th biggest economy, and one that leads on pressing problems like climate
change, which he called "the most existential threat in the world today."

As the only woman leader present, Norway's Solberg thanked first lady Michelle
Obama for improving access to girls' education, an objective she said they
shared "as women, as mothers and leaders."

___

This story has been corrected to change the spelling of the name of Denmark's
prime minister.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 3:30 PM GMT

In Woody Allen, media & moviegoers again confront ambiguity

BYLINE: By JAKE COYLE, AP Film Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: CANNES, France


CANNES, France (AP) - The latest explosion of allegations against Woody Allen
has returned moviegoers to a familiar place: debating the ethics of watching -
and possibly loving - Allen's films. This time, much of the soul searching is
being done by film critics and reporters.

The column by Allen's son Ronan Farrow, posted Wednesday hours ahead of the
premiere of Allen's "Cafe Society" in Cannes wasn't just a reiteration of the
decades-old claim that Allen molested his daughter, Dylan when she was seven. It
was an argument for the entertainment industry, where pursuit of celebrity
access often trumps journalistic duty, to reevaluate how it handles lingering
allegations of sexual abuse that lack the clarity of a legal judgment.

"Confronting a subject with allegations from women or children, not backed by a
simple, dispositive legal ruling is hard," wrote Farrow. "It means having those
tough newsroom conversations, making the case for burning bridges with powerful
public figures. It means going up against angry fans and angry publicists."

Farrow's column followed an in-depth interview with Allen conducted by The
Hollywood Reporter - one of the first Allen has granted since Dylan Farrow
renewed the allegations in a 2014 New York Times op-ed - in which the
allegations weren't brought up. Farrow called it "a sterling example of how not
to talk about sexual assault" and warned of the powerful public relations
apparatus around figures like Allen that discourages discussion of such issues.

His arguments have resonated for many in the media.

Melissa Silverstein, founder of the Women in Hollywood blog, wrote a column in
the Guardian titled "Why I won't be seeing Woody Allen's new film."

"I would like to counter society's seeming determination to disbelieve victims.
And I wish the film industry would too," wrote Silverstein. "Refuse to buy
tickets to films made by people with assault accusations against them. Make that
behavior and worldview unacceptable. I will start by not seeing 'Cafe Society'
and urge others to do likewise."

Nina Metz for the Chicago Tribune also said she would boycott Allen's films and
his upcoming series for Amazon despite it being "a dicey position to be in when
you cover TV and film."

"Collectively we have shunned the work of Bill Cosby, and I wonder, is it
because so far 60 women have come forward with stories of rape at his hands?"
wrote Metz . "Does Allen get different treatment from us because just a single
person - his child - came forward?"

There is a question of how much more there is to say on either side, given that
there's no action pending for any of the individuals involved. Allen has
steadfastly denied the allegations and in 2014 penned a lengthy response that he
said would be his final word on the matter. When asked by reporters Thursday
about Ronan Farrow's column, Allen said he hadn't read it and had nothing
further to say.

Some of Allen's cast members, including Kristen Stewart, have been asked about
whether they weighed the accusations in joining "Cafe Society," a light and
comic 1930s Hollywood romance due out in July. At a press conference in Cannes
shortly after Farrow's column was posted, journalists who asked the 80-year-old
filmmaker questions chose not to broach the subject.

It's an unquestionably thorny question to navigate, rife with irresoluble
ambiguity. Considering Allen's nonstop output, it's not one that's going away.

Matt Zoller Seitz, editor-in-chief for RogerEbert.com, wrote movingly and
intelligently of his balancing act as a critic.

"I believe Woody Allen is one of the great American filmmakers. I believe Dylan
Farrow when she says Allen molested her as a child," Seitz wrote . "The two
thoughts are not mutually exclusive. But they are painful to reconcile."

Seitz acknowledged he may not be watching Allen's older films anymore, and that
indelible moments in his films - like the nighttime park bench scene scene of
"Manhattan" - now have "a mental asterisk" attached to them.

"He's a major artist. I'm a critic. I need to keep track of what he does on
film," wrote Seitz. "It's a professional obligation, and if I ruled out the work
of directors, actors and writers I disapprove of personally, I'd be blacking out
a fair chunk of cinema history."

Farrow pleaded foremost that alleged abuse victims like his sister, Dylan,
should not be forgotten and her allegations should not go unnoted when Allen is
feted at Cannes or sits down with a reporter to discuss his life and career -
essentially that the asterisk remains attached to Allen.

In a battle that has always been waged in the press, it has prompted
self-analysis for those who usually ask the questions and do the analyzing.

___

Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 3:18 PM GMT

House, Senate hope to craft quick anti-drug abuse compromise

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Congress is ready to start crafting compromise legislation
addressing the nation's opioid abuse crisis, which should be an easier lift than
other issues facing lawmakers. The reason: Both parties have an election-year
incentive to show they're tackling a problem that is killing people in America's
biggest cities and smallest towns.

The House overwhelmingly approved 18 bills this week setting up federal grants
and taking other steps to battle the drug epidemic, and prepared Friday to begin
negotiations on a final package with the Senate. Members of both parties hailed
the measures, though Democrats complained that none provided any money for the
programs and anti-drug advocates called the bills a needed but modest first
step.

"It's a very important start, but we need dollars, we need statutory changes and
we need sustained focus and attention," said Robert Morrison, executive director
of the National Association of State Alcohol and Drug Abuse Directors.

With the Senate approving its own version in March, lawmakers now hope to send
President Barack Obama a compromise bill before Congress begins a long summer
recess in July. This week's House votes contrasted with the partisan disputes
that have hindered congressional efforts to address the Zika virus, Puerto Rican
debt and the lead-poisoned water of Flint, Michigan.

Government figures show the growing toll from misuse of opioids - addictive
pain-killing narcotics and heroin - which in 2014 killed nearly 29,000 people,
triple the death rate of 2000. More than 2 million people were abusing
prescription opioid painkillers and nearly 500,000 more were addicted to heroin
in 2012.

Rep. Doug Collins, R-Ga., said the House legislation "is saying that we have
heard these sometimes silent screams, these sometimes silent tears."

Some states where the problem is worst are also home to competitive
congressional races. Among the bills' sponsors are some lawmakers facing tough
re-election campaigns, including GOP Reps. Frank Guinta of New Hampshire and Bob
Dold of Illinois and Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, a chief sponsor of the Senate
legislation.

Obama has proposed an additional $1.1 billion to address the problem. The
largest House bill, approved Thursday by 413-5, establishes grants worth $103
million annually over the next five years but provides none of the actual funds,
leaving that for future spending legislation in which all federal programs will
compete for funds.

The White House wrote in a statement to lawmakers that without money, the House
bills "would do little to help the thousands of Americans struggling with
addiction."

The measures would create grants for programs bolstering law enforcement,
monitoring prescriptions and training first responders to use anti-overdose
drugs like naloxone. It would be easier for some health care providers to
administer overdose reversal drugs, anti-drug programs helping pregnant women
and new mothers would be renewed, and curbs would be eased against partially
filling some prescriptions - a way of reducing unused opioids available to drug
abusers.

Marvin Ventrell, executive director of the National Association of Addiction
Treatment Providers, said the resources the legislation would potentially
provide were inadequate but a step in the right direction.

Ventrell said the bills were "major in terms of message" because they were the
first indications in years that Congress was moving toward addressing the issue.

To the dismay of leading House Republicans, this week's work on the bills was
overshadowed by the GOP presidential campaign and the buildup to Thursday's
meeting between presumptive nominee Donald Trump and the party's top elected
official, House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.

Underscoring Republican efforts to draw attention to the legislation, Ryan
spokeswoman AshLee Strong issued a statement to journalists on Tuesday saying,
"While politics may have your attention right now, we hope you'll have time to
review and write on this important and thoughtful action the House is about to
take to tackle the disturbing opioid epidemic."

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 11:58 AM GMT

Trump 'surprised' Ryan didn't endorse him, expects he will

BYLINE: By STEVE PEOPLES and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump is winning over his Capitol Hill critics after a
one-day charm offensive that demonstrates the power of his personality to drive
his White House bid. Yet he's still not ruling out going "my separate way" if
House Speaker Paul Ryan doesn't endorse him.

Trump's closed-door charisma on Thursday brought a fresh wave of GOP optimism
across Washington, even as deep concerns remain about the notoriously
unpredictable New York billionaire's evolving policy prescriptions and brash
tone heading into the general election.

Trump said Friday he was "a little bit surprised" Ryan didn't endorse him after
their "great" meeting. "I think it's a process," he told NBC's "Today" show. "I
think that will come and if that doesn't come, I'll go my separate way and win
the election." Asked if he was disappointed, he said "no."

For a day at least, Trump silenced his own party's skeptics with a series of
private meetings with leading congressional Republicans on their turf.
Afterward, the presumptive GOP presidential nominee praised the very
establishment he has spent months bashing at his raucous rallies.

The day marked a step forward for political leaders desperate to unify a
fractured Republican Party. GOP leaders in the House and Senate offered an
overwhelmingly positive response that focused largely on Trump's charm behind
closed doors, while acknowledging that differences remain.

"He's a very warm and genuine person," said Ryan, who suggested he was moving in
the direction of endorsing Trump even while stopping short.

"We will have policy disputes," he said. "The question is, can we unify on the
common core principles that make our party? And I'm very encouraged that the
answer to that question is yes."

At the same time, Trump signaled a willingness to moderate some of his more
controversial positions, including his repeated call for a temporary ban on
foreign Muslims entering the United States. He said on the radio before the
meetings that the proposal is "just a suggestion until we find out what's going
on."

And on trade, another key sticking point, Trump told The Associated Press
earlier this week that his position isn't all that different from that of the
GOP establishment: "I don't think we're really far off. I just want to make
great deals."

The overwhelming focus on Thursday, however, was personality.

"The secret weapon is his personality," said Trump adviser Barry Bennett. "When
he looks at you and talks to you, he can own you."

One of Trump's most aggressive Washington critics, South Carolina Sen. Lindsey
Graham, seemed to agree.

"He's got a great sense of humor," said Graham, who spoke to Trump on the phone
before Thursday's meetings. Not long ago, Graham called Trump a "nut job" and a
"loser as a person." After speaking with Trump on the phone, the senator
softened his stance.

Graham said he still won't endorse Trump, but he said Trump won the Republican
nomination, so the "insults will stop with me."

High-profile Republican critics remain, however, even if they were silent on
Thursday.

Mitt Romney, the GOP's 2012 nominee, lashed out at Trump the day before for so
far refusing to make public his tax returns and has vowed not to vote for him.
Like Romney, former presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush plan to avoid
the party's July national convention, where Trump will accept his party's
presidential nomination.

Former Romney adviser Kevin Madden said Trump's outreach may resonate with some
Republicans who are "willing to listen in the interest of uniting the party"
before the election.

But he said Republican officials probably won't blindly trust the political
outsider.

"Reagan said 'trust, but verify', and that verification process will look
differently depending on the Republican, but some are interested in trying to
learn more," Madden said. "Hillary Clinton's potential as a unifying force for
even those uneasy about Trump should not be underestimated."

Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., was practically elated about how well everything
went.

"A couple more meetings like this, a phone call or two, I think we'll be all
there," Collins said.

___

Associated Press writers Erica Werner, Mary Clare Jalonik and Richard Lardner
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 11:36 AM GMT

Auction for gun that killed Trayvon Martin possibly hijacked

BYLINE: By FREIDA FRISARO, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 732 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


MIAMI (AP) - Bidding in an online auction for the pistol former neighborhood
watch volunteer George Zimmerman used to kill Trayvon Martin appeared to have
been hijacked by fake accounts posting astronomically high bids.

At one point early Friday, the bidding surpassed $65 million with the leading
bidder using the screen name "Racist McShootFace." The site later showed that
account had been deleted.

Other screen names of bidders on the site included "Donald Trump," ''shaniqua
bonifa" and "Tamir Rice," the name of a black 12-year-old who was shot and
killed by Cleveland police in 2014 while playing with a pellet gun.

The website for United Gun Group began hosting the auction Thursday after
another website, GunBroker.com, took down the auction saying it wanted "no part
in the listing on our website or in any of the publicity it is receiving."

Hours later, United Gun Group tweeted that it would post Zimmerman's ad. The new
link was posted, along with a statement from Zimmerman. The site calls itself a
"social market place for the firearms community."

Bidding on the 9 mm Kel-Tec PF-9 pistol began at $5,000.

Critics called the auction an insensitive move to profit from the slaying.

Zimmerman had told Orlando, Florida, TV station WOFL that the pistol was
returned to him by the U.S. Justice Department, which took it after he was
acquitted in Martin's 2012 shooting death.

Zimmerman's listing said a portion of the proceeds would go toward fighting what
Zimmerman calls violence by the Black Lives Matter movement against law
enforcement officers, combatting anti-gun rhetoric of Democratic presidential
candidate Hillary Clinton and ending the career of state attorney Angela Corey,
who led Zimmerman's prosecution.

The listing ended with a Latin phrase that translates as "if you want peace,
prepare for war."

Zimmerman, now 32, has said he was defending himself when he killed Martin, an
unarmed black 17-year-old, in a gated community near Orlando. Martin, who lived
in Miami with his mother, was visiting his father at the time.

Zimmerman, who identifies as Hispanic, was acquitted in Martin's February 2012
shooting death. The case sparked protests and a national debate about race
relations. The Justice Department later decided not to prosecute Zimmerman on
civil rights charges.

Lucy McBath, the mother of another black teenager shot by a white man during an
argument at a Jacksonville convenience store in 2012, said the auction reflected
a "deplorable lack of value for human life."

"I am deeply disappointed that the man who killed Trayvon Martin is trying to
sell the very gun he used to cut that precious life short to raise money,"
McBath said in a written statement.

The slaying of her son, 17-year-old Jordan Davis, by Michael Dunn drew parallels
at the time to the Zimmerman-Martin case. Dunn told police he had felt
threatened by Davis. Unlike Zimmerman, Dunn was convicted of murder.

Since Zimmerman was acquitted, he has been charged with assault based on
complaints from two girlfriends. Both women later refused to press charges and
Zimmerman wasn't prosecuted. His estranged wife, Shellie Zimmerman, also accused
him of smashing her iPad during an argument days after she filed divorce papers.
No charges were filed because of lack of evidence. They were divorced in
January.

Orlando-based attorney Mark O'Mara has previously represented Zimmerman. A
receptionist in O'Mara's office said Thursday that he no longer represents
Zimmerman and had no comment.

Martin's parents declined to address Zimmerman's actions in statements made
through representatives.

Martin's mother, Sybrina Fulton, said through an attorney that she would rather
focus on her work with the Trayvon Martin Foundation than respond to
"Zimmerman's actions."

Daryl Parks, whose firm represented the Martin family during the trial, is now
chairman of Fulton's foundation. He says Fulton is pushing for policies that
protect youth and address gun violence.

Fulton also founded the Circle of Mothers conference, a three-day event to help
mothers who have "lost children or family members" to gun violence. Democratic
presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will be keynote speaker at the event in
Fort Lauderdale starting May 20.

___

Associated Press writers Curt Anderson in Miami; Jason Dearen in Gainesville,
Florida; Tamara Lush in St. Petersburg and Terry Spencer in Fort Lauderdale
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 140 words


"I may have committed errors but I never committed crimes." - Brazil's suspended
President Dilma Rousseff.

___

"We will have policy disputes. There is no two ways about that. The question is,
can we unify on the common core principles that make our party? And I'm very
encouraged that the answer to that question is yes." - U.S. House Speaker Paul
Ryan after a meeting with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

___

"There is no room in our schools for discrimination of any kind, including
discrimination against transgender students on the basis of their sex." - U.S.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch in a statement intended to clarify school
districts' obligations to provide nondiscriminatory environments for transgender
students amid a court fight between the federal government and North Carolina
over transgender bathroom access.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 4:03 AM GMT

Australian couple whose 3 children died on MH17 welcome baby

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: SYDNEY


SYDNEY (AP) - An Australian couple whose three children were killed in the
downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine two years ago has welcomed a
new baby, saying the birth has given them faith that love trumps hate.

Anthony Maslin and Marite Norris, of the western Australian city of Perth, said
the arrival of their daughter Violet May Maslin on Tuesday had brought them
"love and light, hope and joy" after enduring two years of grief over the loss
of their three children.

Mo, 12, Evie, 10, and Otis, 8, died along with their grandfather, Nick Norris,
when Flight 17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine in July 2014. At
the time, the couple said they were living in an "ongoing hell," with the pain
they felt unfathomable.

In a statement released Thursday by the Australian foreign affairs department,
the couple said they believe Violet is a gift sent by Evie, Mo, Otis and Nick.

"Violet's birth is a testament to our belief that love is stronger than hate,"
the couple wrote. "We still live with pain, but Violet, and the knowledge that
all four kids are with us always, brings light to our darkness. As Martin Luther
King said, 'Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate
cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.'"

A Dutch civil investigation concluded that the plane was downed by a
Soviet-designed Buk surface-to-air missile. All 298 people on board perished.

Maslin and Norris said they would continue to love all four of their children
equally.

"Violet brings some hope and joy for us," the couple wrote. "We hope she brings
hope and joy for you too."

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1955 words


Trump, Ryan, pledge to work together, see end to rift in GOP

WASHINGTON (AP) - Straining to mend their party after months of chaos, Donald
Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan declared themselves "totally committed" to
working together after a fence-mending personal meeting on Thursday. Ryan
praised Trump as "very warm and genuine," and suggested that after initial
hesitance he may well end up endorsing the GOP candidate for president.

"We will have policy disputes. There is no two ways about that. The question is,
can we unify on the common core principles that make our party?" Ryan said. "And
I'm very encouraged that the answer to that question is yes."

Trump, who used the day to launch a robust charm offensive with members of
Congress, broadcast his own enthusiasm, on Twitter and on TV. "I really think we
had a great meeting today, and I think we agree on a lot of things and it'll be
a little process but it'll come along . I'm pretty sure," he said in an
interview recorded for Fox News Channel's "Hannity."

The surprisingly fervent show of unity capped a remarkable week that began with
Ryan, the GOP's top elected office-holder and its 2012 vice presidential
nominee, turning his back on his party's presumptive presidential nominee just
days after Trump had effectively clinched the nomination.

Ryan said at the time he was not yet ready to back Trump, who had succeeded in
insulting women, Latinos, disabled people and many conservatives in the course
of a brutal primary season. He also has alarmed the Republican establishment
with proposals including deporting millions of immigrants and barring Muslims
from the country.

___

Brazil's acting president promises to jumpstart economy

BRASILIA, Brazil (AP) - Picking up Brazil's reins after the Senate voted to
suspend President Dilma Rousseff, acting President Michel Temer pledged Thursday
to jumpstart the stalled economy and push ahead with a sprawling corruption
investigation that has already ensnared top leaders of his own party and even
implicated Temer himself.

Temer spoke in the same narrow hall where a defiant Rousseff made what may prove
her last remarks as president earlier in the day. He reached out a timid olive
branch to his two-time running mate, saying he wanted his appearance to be
"sober" in recognition of his "institutional respect" for Rousseff and of the
deep divisions caused by the impeachment campaign against her.

"This is not a moment for celebrations, but one of profound reflection," Temer
said at a chaotic swearing-in ceremony for the 22 members of his new Cabinet.
"It's urgent to pacify the nation and unify the country. It's urgent for us to
form a government of national salvation . to pull this country out of the
serious crisis in which we find ourselves."

The Senate voted 55-22 to impeach Rousseff over allegations her government broke
fiscal laws in managing the federal budget. Rousseff insisted the accusations
are baseless, since such financial maneuvers have been common practice by other
Brazilian presidents without repercussions.

She was immediately suspended for 180 days pending a trial in the Senate. If she
is found by two-thirds of the Senate to have committed crimes, Temer will serve
out the remainder of her term, which ends in December 2018.

___

10 Things to Know for Friday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. WHO MET IN DC

Donald Trump and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan declared they are
"totally committed" to working together to win in November.

2. WHERE A PRESIDENT VOWS TO FIGHT HER OUSTER

Brazil's Dilma Rousseff vows to use "all legal means" to continue opposing her
impeachment, raising the specter of continued political turmoil.

___

After political turmoil, Olympic organizers push on

RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) - The venues are, in the words of organizers, 99 percent
ready. The torch is winding its way around the country in a three-month relay
ending at the opening ceremony.

Even if the country is preoccupied with the impeachment of President Dilma
Rousseff, organizers insist the Olympics won't be touched by the ongoing
political turmoil.

Will that bear out? Stay tuned.

"The organization of the games is absolutely following the right path," Carlos
Nuzman, head of the organizing committee, said Thursday. "And it will continue
the same way."

Will a change in the country's chief executive cause more problems as the
calendar ticks down to Rio? What about the effect of the country's rotating
sports leadership?

___

US gives directive to schools on transgender bathroom access

WASHINGTON (AP) - Public schools must permit transgender students to use
bathrooms and locker rooms consistent with their gender identity, according to
an Obama administration directive issued amid a court fight between the federal
government and North Carolina.

The guidance from leaders at the departments of Education and Justice says
public schools are obligated to treat their transgender students in a way that
matches their gender identity, even if their education records or identity
documents indicate a different sex.

"There is no room in our schools for discrimination of any kind, including
discrimination against transgender students on the basis of their sex," Attorney
General Loretta Lynch said in a statement.

The directive is contained in formal guidance being sent to school districts
Friday.

It does not impose any new legal requirements, but federal officials say it's
mean to clarify school districts' obligations to educate students in
nondiscriminatory environments. Educators have repeatedly sought guidance on how
to comply with Title IX, which prohibits sex discrimination in institutions that
receive federal funding, Education Secretary John B. King said in a statement.

___

Navy officer fired over Iran's detention of 10 sailors

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Navy has fired the commander of the 10 American sailors
who wandered into Iranian territorial waters in the Persian Gulf and were
captured and held by Iran for about 15 hours.

In a statement Thursday, the Navy said it had lost confidence in Cmdr. Eric
Rasch, who was the executive officer of the squadron that included the 10
sailors at the time of the January incident. He was responsible for the training
and readiness of the more than 400 sailors in the unit.

A Navy official said Rasch failed to provide effective leadership, leading to a
lack of oversight, complacency and failure to maintain standards in the unit.
The official was not authorized to discuss the details publicly so spoke on
condition of anonymity.

Rasch has been relieved of his command duties and reassigned, the Navy said.

Although this is the first firing by the Navy regarding the incident, several
other sailors received administrative reprimands. The investigation is expected
to be finished by the end of the month, and others are likely to be disciplined.

___

2nd website posts auction for gun that killed Trayvon Martin

MIAMI (AP) - An online gun auction website yanked George Zimmerman's ad to sell
the pistol he used to kill unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin, saying it
wanted no part in the deal, but a second site offered to post it.

A listing for the weapon was removed from the GunBroker.com site Thursday
morning, minutes after the auction was to begin, as negative traffic about the
sale exploded online. In a statement posted on its website, GunBroker.com said
listings are user generated, and that the company reserved the right to reject
listings at its discretion.

Zimmerman never contacted anyone at the site and no one there "has any
relationship with Zimmerman," the company wrote in its statement.

It added, "We want no part in the listing on our web site or in any of the
publicity it is receiving."

Hours later, United Gun Group tweeted that it would post Zimmerman's ad. The new
link was posted, along with a statement from Zimmerman. However, the site
apparently went down a few minutes later. The site calls itself a "social market
place for the firearms community."

___

With Hiroshima, Obama goes where predecessors stayed away

WASHINGTON (AP) - When President Barack Obama tours Hiroshima's haunting relics
of nuclear warfare, he will be making a trip that past administrations weighed
and avoided. For good reason: The hollowed core of the city's A-Bomb Dome and
old photos of charred children are sure to rekindle questions of guilt and
penitence for World War II's gruesome brutality.

Obama's visit later this month already is stirring debate on both sides of the
Pacific about the motivations and justifications for the nuclear attacks in
Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Anything he says will be sharply scrutinized in the
U.S., Japan and beyond. Anything resembling an apology could become a wedge
issue in the U.S. presidential campaign and plunge Obama into the complicated
politics of victimhood among Japan and its Asian neighbors.

"I don't have any problem with him going, but there is nothing to apologize
for," said Lester Tenney, a 95-year-old American survivor of the 1942 Bataan
Death March, when the Japanese marched tens of thousands of Filipino and U.S.
soldiers to prison camps, and hundreds to their deaths.

Forty-two years ago, a White House aide suggested President Gerald Ford visit
the city where 140,000 people were killed in the inferno on Aug. 6, 1945. A
senior adviser, Gen. Brent Scowcroft, vetoed the idea: "It could rekindle old
animosities in Japan at a time when we are striving for new relationships."

Asked in 2008 if he might go, President George W. Bush was noncommittal. In the
end, it took 65 years for a U.S. ambassador to attend the city's annual memorial
service. Secretary of State John Kerry traveled there last month.

___

Kansas to toughen rules on transgender birth certificates

TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) - Kansas is pursuing regulations that would give it one of the
nation's toughest policies against allowing transgender people to update their
birth certificates, prompting anger from advocates and threats of a lawsuit.

State health department officials contend an existing agency regulation allowing
amended birth certificates conflicts with state law and needs to be eliminated.
The agency has been pursuing changes for months and could impose them within six
weeks.

The department's revised rules would allow a change only if a person or his or
her parents could document that the gender was incorrectly recorded at the time
of birth.

Three transgender rights advocates called on the department to abandon its
proposed changes during a hearing Thursday. The National Center for Transgender
Equality says only Idaho and Tennessee have legal policies against changing
gender listings on birth certificates, though Ohio also is not allowing it.

"It really stands against where most of the country is on updating identity
documents to accurately reflect who people are," said Arli Christian, the
center's state policy counsel.

___

Thunder beat Spurs, advance to Western Conference finals

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Kevin Durant scored 37 points, Russell Westbrook added 28,
and the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the San Antonio Spurs 113-99 on Thursday
night to win the Western Conference semifinal series 4-2.

Steven Adams had 15 points and 11 rebounds, and Andre Roberson added 14 points
for the Thunder.

Oklahoma City lost 124-92 in Game 1, but first-year coach Billy Donovan led the
Thunder to victory in four of the next five. Oklahoma City will face defending
NBA champion Golden State in the Western Conference finals, starting Monday in
Oakland.

Kawhi Leonard scored 22 points, Tim Duncan had 19 and LaMarcus Aldridge added 18
for the Spurs. San Antonio lost just once at home during the regular season, but
the Thunder beat the Spurs twice in San Antonio during the series.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 2:55 AM GMT

Trump, Ryan, pledge to work together, see end to rift in GOP

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 925 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Straining to mend their party after months of chaos, Donald
Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan declared themselves "totally committed" to
working together after a fence-mending personal meeting on Thursday. Ryan
praised Trump as "very warm and genuine," and suggested that after initial
hesitance he may well end up endorsing the GOP candidate for president.

"We will have policy disputes. There is no two ways about that. The question is,
can we unify on the common core principles that make our party?" Ryan said. "And
I'm very encouraged that the answer to that question is yes."

Trump, who used the day to launch a robust charm offensive with members of
Congress, broadcast his own enthusiasm, on Twitter and on TV. "I really think we
had a great meeting today, and I think we agree on a lot of things and it'll be
a little process but it'll come along . I'm pretty sure," he said in an
interview recorded for Fox News Channel's "Hannity."

The surprisingly fervent show of unity capped a remarkable week that began with
Ryan, the GOP's top elected office-holder and its 2012 vice presidential
nominee, turning his back on his party's presumptive presidential nominee just
days after Trump had effectively clinched the nomination.

Ryan said at the time he was not yet ready to back Trump, who had succeeded in
insulting women, Latinos, disabled people and many conservatives in the course
of a brutal primary season. He also has alarmed the Republican establishment
with proposals including deporting millions of immigrants and barring Muslims
from the country.

Yet in the days since, many GOP lawmakers - and voters themselves - have made
peace with the reality that Trump is their candidate and therefore their only
hope of defeating likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Although some in
the GOP fear Trump could spell election disaster and cost Republicans control of
the Senate and seats in the House, recent polls have shown a closer race,
helping their comfort level.

Ryan himself insisted from the beginning that his only goal was real party
unity. His allies in the House have predicted he will get behind Trump in the
end, and on Thursday Ryan sounded like he was well on his way.

"We talked about what it takes to unify, where our differences were and how we
can bridge these gaps going forward," Ryan said, praising Trump's "unparalleled"
accomplishment in getting more votes already than any Republican presidential
candidate in history - 10.9 million even before California and New Jersey vote
in June.

The two discussed "core principles" including limited government, the
Constitution, separation of powers and pro-life philosophy, Ryan said.

Asked whether he would be endorsing Trump a week after his refusal to do so
shocked the GOP, Ryan said: "Yeah, I think this is going in a positive
direction. And I think this was a first, very encouraging meeting."

The two also issued a joint statement in which they pledged to work together to
beat Clinton.

Trump, 69, and Ryan, 46, would make one of the oddest of political odd couples,
one a brash and unpredictable billionaire with a malleable political philosophy
and tendency to insult all comers, the other a wonky if telegenic Midwestern
conservative dedicated to paring back entitlements and with a big-tent view of
the GOP. Like many political partnerships this one would be driven by necessity
and a common foe, Clinton, whose candidacy is proving a powerful incentive to
Republicans of all kinds to bury their differences.

Trump also met with other House GOP leaders, as well as Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell and his top deputies, and senators were later full of praise and
offers of help.

Sen. John Cornyn said he invited Trump to come to Texas and offered to help him
with Latino voters.

"I was fortunate enough to win the Hispanic vote in 2014. I said I'd be glad to
share with you my experience and observations because that's an important part
of the voters in 2016," Cornyn said.

"I've always been impressed but I was really impressed today," said Sen. Orrin
Hatch of Utah, adding they discussed the Supreme Court, an important issue for
conservatives who've questioned whether they can trust Trump to appoint judges
who would ratify their philosophy.

Even Sen. Lindsey Graham, who has called Trump a "nut job" and a "loser as a
person," softened his stance after speaking with the candidate by telephone
Wednesday.

Graham, R-S.C., described the billionaire as funny and cordial and said he asked
insightful questions about national security.

"He's from New York. He obviously can take a punch," said Graham, who waged his
own unsuccessful bid for his party's nomination. He said he still won't endorse
Trump but his barrage of "insults will stop."

Trump, in a black SUV, slipped from one GOP power center to another on his
fence-mending mission made necessary by his outsider status in a city that
embodies insiders.

About a dozen protesters who oppose Trump's immigration positions demonstrated
at the front of the Republican National Committee building where the men met.
They chanted "Down, down with deportation. Up, up with liberation."

The scene was similar outside Senate Republican campaign offices where Trump
gathered later with McConnell and others. "The GOP is dead to our community,"
said Deyanira Aldana, 21, a protester who is the child of Hispanic immigrants.
"And Donald Trump is the final nail in that coffin."

___

Associated Press writers Steve Peoples, Andrew Taylor, Richard Lardner, Alan
Fram and Mary Clare Jalonick contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 1:30 AM GMT

House OKs bipartisan drug abuse bills, but Dems want money

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 824 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The House has approved a mountain of bills addressing the
nation's opioid abuse crisis, fueled by lawmakers' bipartisan craving for
election-year action on the deadly epidemic. Yet the measures are leaving
anti-drug advocates underwhelmed, and Congress won't decide till later how much
money it's willing to provide.

By huge bipartisan margins, the House approved 18 drug-related bills this week
setting up federal grants, new rules and studies of the problem, including three
measures on Thursday. That harmony seemed worlds apart from the partisan
disputes that have hindered recent congressional efforts to address the Zika
virus, Puerto Rican debt and the poisoned water of Flint, Michigan.

The legislation was aimed at combatting the growing toll from misuse of opioids
- addictive pain-killing narcotics and heroin - which in 2014 killed nearly
29,000 people, triple the death rate of 2000.

More than 2 million people were abusing prescription opioid painkillers and
nearly 500,000 more were addicted to heroin in 2012, the government says, and
both parties are eager to show voters they are addressing a problem that
afflicts inner cities and rural communities alike. The bills' sponsors included
some lawmakers facing competitive re-election races this fall, including GOP
Reps. Frank Guinta of New Hampshire and Bob Dold of Illinois and Sen. Rob
Portman, R-Ohio, chief sponsor of similar Senate legislation.

"This problem is a problem for America. This problem has exploded," Rep. Doug
Collins, R-Ga., said during the week's debate.

Joined by the White House, Democrats were backing the bills but also complaining
that little would be achieved without money. President Barack Obama has proposed
an additional $1.1 billion to address the problem.

The largest House bill, approved Thursday by 413-5, establishes grants worth
$103 million annually over the next five years but provides none of the actual
funds, leaving that for future spending legislation in which all federal
programs will compete for funds. On Wednesday, Republicans rejected a Democratic
effort to add $600 million in spending.

Without money, the House bills "would do little to help the thousands of
Americans struggling with addiction," the White House wrote in a statement to
lawmakers.

Asked how much money will be available for the programs, House Appropriations
Committee Chairman Harold Rogers, R-Ky., whose panel oversees federal agencies'
spending, said, "It will be adequate."

The measures would create grants for programs bolstering law enforcement,
monitoring prescriptions and training first responders to use anti-overdose
drugs like naloxone. It would be easier for some health care providers to
administer overdose reversal drugs, anti-drug programs helping pregnant women
and new mothers would be renewed, and curbs would be eased against partially
filling some prescriptions - a way of reducing unused opioids available to drug
abusers.

Advocates of drug abuse prevention and treatment programs said they were pleased
Congress was addressing the problem but said they viewed the bills as only a
start.

"Feel free to use the word 'inadequate,' but a step in the right direction,'"
Marvin Ventrell, executive director of the National Association of Addiction
Treatment Providers, said of the resources the legislation would potentially
provide.

Ventrell said the bills were "major in terms of message" because they were the
first indications in years that Congress was moving toward addressing the issue.

"It's a very important start, but we need dollars, we need statutory changes and
we need sustained focus and attention," said Robert Morrison, executive director
of the National Association of State Alcohol and Drug Abuse Directors.

Morrison said a federal program offering $1.9 billion yearly in grants to states
for substance abuse prevention and treatment has $483 million less purchasing
power than it did a decade ago, thanks to inflation losses. He said he wants
lawmakers to offer more help for new mothers who are addicts and more
medications to treat drug abusers.

To the dismay of leading House Republicans, this week's work on the bills was
overshadowed by the GOP presidential campaign and the buildup to Thursday's
meeting between presumptive candidate Donald Trump and the party's top elected
official, House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.

Underscoring Republican efforts to draw attention to the legislation, Ryan
spokeswoman AshLee Strong issued a statement addressed to journalists on Tuesday
saying, "While politics may have your attention right now, we hope you'll have
time to review and write on this important and thoughtful action the House is
about to take to tackle the disturbing opioid epidemic."

The Senate used a 94-1 vote in March to approve its version of the legislation.
GOP leaders hope the two chambers can send compromise legislation to Obama for
his signature before Congress begins a lengthy summer recess in July.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 1:03 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Friday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. WHO MET IN DC

Donald Trump and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan declared they are
"totally committed" to working together to win in November.

2. WHERE A PRESIDENT VOWS TO FIGHT HER OUSTER

Brazil's Dilma Rousseff vows to use "all legal means" to continue opposing her
impeachment, raising the specter of continued political turmoil.

3. THE TORCH CONTINUES TOWARD RIO

Rousseff's political fate might not affect the troubled Rio de Janeiro Summer
Olympics, but Brazil remains mired a deepest recession, and it's at the
epicenter of the mosquito-borne Zika virus.

4. OLYMPIC TROUBLES FOR RUSSIA AND KENYA

The games could go on without either country's track team, after the World
Anti-Doping Agency bans Kenya's drug-fighting agency and releases some terrible
numbers about testing in Russia.

5. WHY FACEBOOK IS TRENDING

The social media giant pulls back the curtain on how its Trending Topics feature
works, a reaction to a report that suggested Facebook downplays conservative
news subjects.

6. WHAT THE POPE SAID ABOUT WOMEN

Francis says he's willing to study whether women can be deacons, signaling
openness to letting women perform many of the same functions as priests.

7. ZIMMERMAN GUN UP FOR SALE

The pistol George Zimmerman used to kill unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin
was yanked by one gun sales website but posted by another.

8. OBAMA REKINDLES WWII-ERA DEBATE

The president's decision to tour Hiroshima is stirring discussion on both sides
of the Pacific about the nuclear attack that destroyed the Japanese city.

9. A SWAN SONG IN NASHVILLE

ABC is canceling the country music drama series "Nashville" after four seasons,
drawing an immediate lament from the city of Nashville's mayor.

10. MORE CHANGES FOR YOUTH FOOTBALL

Pop Warner bans kickoffs in its three youngest age divisions, on the same day as
the death of a California teenager whose paralyzing football injury led to
increased safety protections for young players.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 5:11 PM GMT

Toomey's balancing act: Win over moderates, deal with Trump

BYLINE: By MARC LEVY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG, Pa.


HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Republican Sen. Pat Toomey already had the political
balancing act of winning over middle-of-the-road voters in his quest for a
second term in moderate Pennsylvania.

Now Toomey has another: distancing himself from Donald Trump.

In recent days, Toomey hedged on his long-stated intent to support the eventual
GOP presidential nominee. In interviews and an editorial published in major
newspapers, Toomey laid out a long list of concerns he has with the bombastic
billionaire and warned: "I hope we don't get to a point where I decide I just
can't support him."

In doing so, he may risk alienating the Republican voters who delivered a
surprising 37 percentage-point victory for Trump in Pennsylvania's April 26
primary.

"I saw what Toomey said and did I like it? No, I didn't like it," said Arnold
McClure, chairman of the Huntingdon County GOP.

McClure said he'll vote for Toomey again. But "he angers me with his attitude.
... Does that mean I'm some dummy who doesn't know any better? That infuriates
me."

Toomey's contest against Democrat Katie McGinty in the November election is
considered crucial to deciding majority control of the Senate, where Republicans
hold a 54-46 advantage but have to defend more than double the number of seats
than Democrats.

Democrats like their chances against Toomey in Pennsylvania, where registered
Democrats outnumber Republicans by 4 to 3.

That portends another tight race for the senator, who scored a 2
percentage-point victory in 2010's Republican wave and is ranked by the American
Conservative Union as the 13th most conservative senator.

In a typical presidential election year, Toomey would face what Republican
campaign strategists view as a narrow, but reasonable path to victory: strong
Republican support, plus some Democrats and most of the independents.

This year is anything but typical.

McGinty is aggressively tying Toomey to Trump and now Toomey is trotting out a
longer list of differences than agreements with Trump.

"I'm trying to make some sense of the situation we're in and it's pretty
unusual," he said on WAEB-AM in Allentown.

Toomey said he hopes to support Trump, but his laundry list of complaints
include Trump's lack of devotion to conservative fiscal principles, his
vulgarity, and his vagueness about what he would do as president - or how.

"In short, I find his candidacy highly problematic," Toomey wrote in a 770-word
opinion piece published in The Philadelphia Inquirer and Pittsburgh
Post-Gazette.

In it, Toomey advised Trump to work to unite the Republican Party and the
country, and to "listen more, and talk less" to win over critics. Toomey won't
vote for Hillary Clinton, the Democratic front-runner; she is "unacceptably
flawed," he wrote.

Pennsylvania's GOP chairman, Rob Gleason, said he expects no ill-effects for
Toomey from his criticism of Trump or from Trump's divisiveness that has turned
off a high percentage of voters - nearly 7 in 10, according to a recent AP-GfK
poll.

"I always advise people, it's their race. There're no coattails anymore, good or
bad," Gleason said.

Toomey may be out of step with the majority of Pennsylvania's Republican
presidential primary voters, but not party brass. Very few GOP leaders or
officials in Pennsylvania supported Trump in the primary. Former Pennsylvania
Gov. Tom Ridge, the country's first Homeland Security secretary, has said
there's "no chance" he'll vote for Trump.

Still, the scale of Trump's victory in Pennsylvania caught many party leaders by
surprise, and some with less on the line than Toomey have fallen in line with
Trump.

"We've got a coalition of Trump people here," said Jim Worthington, an elected
convention delegate from suburban Philadelphia. "If Toomey is not on board with
Trump, well, I don't know where I'm going to be on him."

Said Joe Sacco, another Trump supporter from southcentral Pennsylvania: "I'll
vote for him for the good of the Republican Party, but he better start changing
his ways and getting on the bandwagon, like the rest of us."

___

Follow Marc Levy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/timelywriter. His work can be
found at http://bigstory.ap.org/author/marc-levy

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Analysis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 4:23 PM GMT

For original Trump team, a moment to celebrate and reflect

BYLINE: By JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 677 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - They were the core of the original Trump team, a small group of
largely obscure political operatives who signed on a year ago for the seemingly
quixotic presidential campaign of an oft-mocked celebrity businessman.

Yet there they were in the lobby of the Trump Tower in New York City, sharing a
very public embrace as Donald Trump's victory in Indiana made it clear he was on
track to be the Republican nominee for president. The improbable had come to
pass.

"It's professionally very satisfying," campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said
in an interview. "A lot of us have been here from the very beginning when the
professional pundits said this was a career-ender and we weren't going
anywhere."

"We've done something no one thought could be done," Lewandowski said.

Lewandowski's path to Trump Tower was an unlikely one. He grew up in Lowell,
Massachusetts, worked as a political operative on Capitol Hill, graduated from
the New Hampshire state police academy and took a job with Americans for
Prosperity, the flagship conservative political organization of the billionaire
industrialists Charles and David Koch.

Lewandowski had no national campaign experience when Trump, after a brief
introduction, hired him on the spot to run his bid.

Neither did Trump's spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, a former Ralph Lauren fashion model
and a public relations pro who worked for Trump's daughter, Ivanka, and became
essentially a one-woman communications shop for a campaign that has attracted
unprecedented media attention. Nor did Dan Scavino, a longtime executive at the
Trump Organization and golf course manager who became the campaign's social
media director.

"These are people who just believed in my father and what he was doing," Eric
Trump, one of the candidate's children, said in an interview on Thursday.
"That's what makes it special. They wanted to drop everything they were doing to
help out. We have a fraction of the staff that other campaigns have yet look
where we are."

Scavino, Lewandowski and national political director Michael Glassner were among
the members of the campaign staff watching on television when Ted Cruz announced
he was suspending his campaign, clearing the path for Trump to become the GOP
standardbearer. No one quite remembers who initiated the group hug that was
captured on Twitter feeds.

"I will never forget that evening," Scavino said. "(I) thought we would be
celebrating winning Indiana and it turned out to be the evening we celebrated
the nomination. Without question, it was a historical evening that will go down
in the history books."

Iowa conservative Sam Clovis signed on with Trump in August, after quitting
former Texas Gov. Rick Perry's struggling campaign. At the time, the move
prompted more than a few raised eyebrows in the state's Republican circles, but
Clovis says now that his instincts were right.

"I never took it personal," said Clovis, national co-chairman and policy
adviser. "The idea was that I felt that Mr. Trump had a lot to offer the country
and we worked hard. It's been a really hard fought battle."

"We're not a typical campaign," Clovis said. "We've done this with a relatively
small number of people."

And it hasn't all been smooth.

Lewandowski was arrested for simple battery of a reporter, though prosecutors
declined to press charges. The original team has been expanded, particularly as
it girded for a possible battle with Cruz over delegates, and there has been
friction between the old guard and the new, more seasoned hires led by longtime
Republican operative Paul Manafort. And more changes seem to be on the horizon
as the campaign shifts to the general election.

But that Tuesday night won't be soon forgotten.

"We took a lot of arrows for a long time from a lot of people," said George
Gigicos, the campaign's lead advance man. "Vindication is a good word. It's been
incredible to start at the bottom and end up on top."

___

Associated Press writer Catherine Lucey in Des Moines, Iowa, contributed to this
report.

___

Contact Jonathan Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 3:55 PM GMT

Guest lineups for the Sunday's news shows

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS; News Shows

LENGTH: 125 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows:

ABC's "This Week" - Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus;
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders; Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala.;
Reps. Tom Cole, R-Okla., and Keith Ellison, D-Minn.

___

NBC's "Meet the Press" - Pre-empted by English Premier League soccer coverage.

___

CBS' "Face the Nation" - Priebus; former Defense Secretary Robert Gates; Reps.
Chris Collins, R-N.Y., Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn., and Peter King, R-N.Y.

___

CNN's "State of the Union" - Sens. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, and Jeff Merkley,
D-Ore.; Paul Manafort, adviser to Republican presidential candidate Donald
Trump.

___

"Fox News Sunday" - Priebus; Rep. Tim Huelskamp, R-Kan.; former House Speaker
Newt Gingrich.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 2:54 PM GMT

Poster at Lithuanian eatery: Trump locking lips with Putin

BYLINE: By JAN M. OLSEN, Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: COPENHAGEN, Denmark


COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) - A street artist in Lithuania has adorned a barbecue
restaurant with a poster showing Donald Trump locking lips with Vladimir Putin.

Restaurant owner Dominykas Ceckauskas said Saturday the presumptive U.S.
Republican presidential nominee and the Russian president both have huge egos
"and they seem to get along pretty well."

He said the image is "an ironic view of what can be expected."

Local artist Mindaugas Bonanu created the wheat paste poster for the eatery in
the capital Vilnius on Friday. It's on the outside of the Keule Ruke restaurant-
Lithuanian for "Smoking Pig" - along with the text "Make Everything Great Again"
- a play on Trump's slogan "Make America Great Again."

Ceckauskas said the poster was a nod to a 1979 photograph of Soviet leader
Leonid Brezhnev kissing East German ally Erich Honecker on the mouth - once a
customary greeting between Socialist leaders. The iconic shot was later painted
on the Berlin Wall.

There have been no calls to remove the more than 2-meter (6 ½-foot) poster.

Berlin once was the symbol of the Cold War, Ceckauskas noted.

"We think that the border now is not in Berlin, but somewhere here in the Baltic
states, between (the) East and the West," he told The Associated Press.

Lithuania - and its Baltic neighbors Estonia and Latvia - regained its
independence in the early 1990's after nearly five decades under Soviet
occupation and the 1991 Soviet collapse. More than a dozen people were killed
and scores were injured in a Soviet crackdown on Lithuania's independence drive
in January 1991.

All three Baltic nations have since joined NATO.

___

Liutauras Strimaitis in Vilnius, Lithuania, and Vitnija Saldava in Tallinn,
Estonia, contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 1:07 PM GMT

Big rallies or quiet voters? Is Clinton low on enthusiasm?

BYLINE: By CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 811 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Iowa


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Rock concert rallies versus intimate town halls. Adoring
groupies versus dutiful voters. Sweeping promises versus targeted proposals.

Whether Hillary Clinton is competing against Democratic rival Bernie Sanders or
presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, one concern is much the same. They
are outsider candidates riding a wave of populist excitement, while she is
viewed as a traditional, establishment choice.

As a result, her campaign sometimes just looks a little less exciting.

Clinton has won far more votes than any other 2016 candidate. But if she moves
into a general election matchup with Trump, she may continue to be dogged by
questions about voter enthusiasm, especially as Trump pledges to continue his
raucous rallies.

Clinton's supporters say they are not worried.

"Big crowds mean nothing," said former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell. "You don't
get extra points for an enthusiastic vote versus a moderately enthusiastic
vote."

Still, the differences are clear.

In recent days, Sanders rallied with roughly 4,000 in Salem, Oregon, and Trump
drew thousands in Bellingham, Washington. Clinton held a rally with over 1,000
people in New Jersey, but also spoke about family issues at a gathering with
about 15 in northern Virginia.

Trump's large crowds were good for more than his ego. They helped him power past
his numerous rivals and to the verge of clinching the nomination as Clinton
continues mopping up against her last remaining challenger.

"I think the rallies for Trump are the demonstration of his appeal as I think
the rallies for Sanders are the demonstration of his appeal," said Republican
pollster Greg Strimple. He added that Sanders' crowds have exposed some of
Clinton's weaknesses and he would not have generated that energy "if the
Democrats were so enamored of her candidacy."

Republican strategist Sara Fagen, who has not backed Trump, says Clinton
"doesn't have a movement. She has a base of people that will show up, but
they're not overly energized." Still, Fagen said a general election may be more
challenging for Trump, noting that his success so far has been in a crowded
primary.

"There's no doubt Trump is energizing an element of the electorate," she said.
"But some people are showing up not to support him as well. He's divisive."

Crowd counts are just one measure of excitement. Polling suggests that the
competitive Democratic race has energized voters, and exit polls find enthusiasm
for Clinton as well as Sanders. About 2 in 5 primary voters were enthusiastic
about their party's front-runner in a recent CNN poll.

Both Clinton and Trump have negative favorability ratings among general election
voters. But Trump's negatives with people of all backgrounds are at historic
highs, suggesting he may have difficulty connecting with a broad cross-section
of voters in November.

Sanders and Trump have reveled in their large crowds as evidence of the power of
their message. During a recent interview with The Associated Press, Trump said
the huge rallies would continue to be a centerpiece of his campaign. He argued
that the excitement and momentum were more important than spending heavily in a
sophisticated data operation to turn out voters.

"My coalition of voters is amazing," Trump said. "You know, we don't get enough
credit. First of all, I have the biggest crowds by far. I have the most loyal
voters by far."

Clinton, who shines in more intimate interactions, stressed early in the
campaign that she wanted to engage with voters at smaller venues. She is on
track to wrap up the nomination within weeks and is increasingly focusing on
Trump as she tries to replicate the kind of data-heavy approach that helped
Barack Obama win presidential elections in 2008 and 2012.

Clinton also struggled with the enthusiasm gap when she ran against Obama in the
2008 primary. Obama held huge rallies and captured much of the popular
imagination and enthusiasm. Rendell said he did not think 2016 would pose the
same problems because the "fear and loathing" of anti-Trump voters will drive
turnout.

Democratic pollster Geoff Garin, a strategist for a super political action
committee supporting Clinton's candidacy, acknowledged "there is a lot of
emotion around Donald Trump's candidacy" but contended that cuts both ways.

Trump will be a "lightning rod for motivating Democratic voters to engage in the
race and turn out in November in a way that counters whatever enthusiasm he
creates on the other side," Garin said.

Whatever happens, Democratic consultant Joe Trippi said dealing with Sanders and
his rallies may help Clinton.

"They may just have to get used to hearing everybody whine about 'but he'd got
all these crowds,'" Trippi said. "Maybe this is good practice, the primary.
There's no evidence that any of this matters."

___

Associated Press writer Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 12:02 PM GMT

Man on ledge at Trump hotel in Vegas taken into custody

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 114 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas police say a man who threatened to jump off a ledge
at Trump International hotel apparently over "an unpaid bill" moved off the
ledge and was taken into custody.

Police say officers were called Friday night to the hotel near the Las Vegas
Strip after the man refused to leave the hotel and climbed up seven or eight
stories to a ledge.

Police say that about six hours later, he had moved off the ledge but was still
in the area. They took him into custody about 1:15 a.m. Saturday.

Lt. Charles Jenkins told the Las Vegas Review-Journal the man would be taken to
a hospital for a mental evaluation.

It wasn't clear if he was under the influence of drugs or alcohol.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 6:54 AM GMT

GOP chairman says he thinks Trump understands need for unity

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The chairman of the Republican Party says presumptive nominee
Donald Trump has been trying hard lately to act more presidential and should
keep meeting individually with Republican leaders to win the party's trust.

In a brief interview Friday with The Associated Press, Reince Priebus also
expressed uncertainty about whether Trump needs to heal his frosty relationship
with House Speaker Paul Ryan before the GOP launches fall campaigns to capture
the White House and defend its control of Congress. Ryan, the top Republican in
Congress, has declined to endorse Trump, though the two men met privately
Thursday in a session both said was positive.

"I'm not sure," Priebus of the need for a Trump-Ryan embrace. But he added, "I
do think that Donald Trump understands, and I certainly understand and believe,
that the more unity we have, the better off we're going to be."

The extraordinary chasm between the country's two leading Republicans reflects
ideological differences over spending, immigration and other issues. In
addition, swing district GOP lawmakers worry that Trump's hard-line statements
on Hispanics and comments about women's appearances will imperil their
re-election prospects.

Priebus, who attended Thursday's meeting between Trump and Ryan, said the
session "was more Midwest than New York" and said he believes Ryan will end up
chairing the party's July national convention in Cleveland. Trump had threatened
to keep Ryan from that largely ceremonial role but has since backtracked.

Priebus repeatedly referred to the problems political professionals have had
assessing Trump's candidacy, saying people have been "completely wrong about
Donald Trump and the playbook."

Trump seems all but certain to formally become the GOP nominee at the party's
convention, despite his insulting entire voting blocs and personal invectives
against many of his rivals.

"He's been trying very hard to be presidential and gracious and I think he's
actually done a nice job of that lately," Priebus said of Trump, "And I expect
him to continue working at it and getting the job done."

To win over Republicans who continue resisting his candidacy, Trump should
continue visiting party leaders, Priebus said. Trump also met Thursday with
other House GOP leaders and with top Senate Republicans.

"Obviously he's a salesman. So he's naturally talented, and I think the more he
does that individually here with leaders of our party, the better off I think
he's going to be," Priebus said.

Sidestepping a fresh dispute, Priebus said it is up to Trump and the public
whether the billionaire should release his tax returns. Trump refused Friday to
reveal even the tax rate he pays, saying he would not do so until the IRS
finishes auditing his returns.

Priebus also said he didn't know what to make of a report in The Washington Post
that Trump posed as his own spokesman more than two decades ago in phone
conversations with reporters in which he provided details about the New York
businessman's personal relationships.

The Post posted online a recording of one such phone call from 1991. On NBC's
"Today" show Friday, Trump denied the voice was his.

"I don't know if it's true or not, so I don't know what to tell you," Priebus
said.

Asked about Trump's departure from GOP orthodoxy on some issues - such as his
opposition to trade treaties and to culling savings from big benefit programs
like Medicare - Priebus downplayed the differences. Conservatives have been
threatening to battle Trump over the GOP platform at the Cleveland convention if
he tries altering crucial party principles.

"I don't think Donald Trump is interested in rewriting the platform of the
Republican Party," said Priebus. He said "80 to 95 percent of the things he
believes in are in line with our platform, and no candidate has been totally in
line with our platform."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 3:35 AM GMT

Trump denies he posed as his spokesman during tabloid days

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 377 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Back when Donald Trump's love life was tabloid heaven, a Trump
spokesman with intimate knowledge of the businessman's personal relationships
offered juicy stories about a failing marriage, a new live-in paramour and three
other girlfriends he was juggling at once.

The spokesman identified himself as John Miller. But The Washington Post says it
was actually Trump, posing as his own publicist on the phone with a reporter who
wondered why Miller's voice sounded so familiar.

The Post has unearthed a recording of that 1991 phone call. The voice on the
phone describes Trump as irresistible to women.

"He gets called by everybody in the book, in terms of women," says the voice.
"He's got a whole open field, really."

On NBC's "Today" show Friday, Trump denied being the voice on the phone. "I
don't know anything about it," he said.

But he owned up to it at the time, describing the Miller call as a "joke gone
awry," said the Post.

Trump also testified in a 1990 court case that he occasionally used the name
John Miller and disclosed that his favorite alias was John Baron.

In the call with People magazine reporter Sue Carswell, the "spokesman" said
"actresses just call to see if they can go out with him and things."

He said Madonna "wanted to go out with him" and "came in a beautiful evening
gown and combat boots" to hang out with Trump at the Plaza Hotel, which he
owned. "He's got zero interest that night," said the man known as Miller,
apparently meaning they did not have sex.

Trump's marriage to Ivana Trump was ending that year and he was with Marla
Maples, who would become his second wife. He was also seeing three other women,
said the "spokesman," including model Carla Bruni.

Carswell, now at Vanity Fair, told the Post she played the recording to Maples,
who confirmed the call was from Trump himself and cried upon hearing him say
that a ring he had given her was not meant to imply an engagement - although
their engagement was announced weeks later.

Carswell says Maples persuaded Trump to invite her out with the two of them to
make up for the trickery.

A Trump supporter in Congress, GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter of California, said what
happened back then "has no bearing on who he is today."

"It doesn't matter to me one whit," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1949 words


States dig in against directive on transgender bathroom use

RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Politicians in Texas, Arkansas and elsewhere vowed defiance
- and other conservative states could follow suit - after the Obama
administration told public schools across the U.S. on Friday to let transgender
students use the bathrooms and locker rooms that match their gender identity.

The federal government's guidance was met with tearful praise from parents of
transgender students.

"It's heartbreaking that these kids are losing their lives because they can't be
accepted," Hope Tyler, who has a transgender son at a Raleigh high school, said
in reference to suicides among transgender people. "Somebody has to speak for
the kids."

The directive from the U.S. Justice and Education Departments represents an
escalation in the fast-moving dispute over what is becoming the civil rights
issue of the day.

One by one, conservative political leaders thundered against it and President
Barack Obama.

___

As fliers wait in security lines, gov't asks for patience

WASHINGTON (AP) - Facing a growing backlash over extremely long waits at airport
security, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson asked fliers "to be patient"
as the government takes steps to get them onto planes more quickly.

Travelers across the country have endured lengthy security lines, some snaking
up and down escalators, or through food courts, and into terminal lobbies. At
some airports, lines during peak hours have topped 90 minutes. Airlines have
reported holding planes at gates to wait for passengers to clear security.

Johnson said Friday that the government is working to ease the lines, although
travelers should expect to wait as they travel this summer. Whatever steps TSA
takes, Johnson said, it won't neglect its duty to stop terrorists.

"Our job is to keep the American people safe," Johnson told reporters at a news
conference. "We're not going to compromise aviation security in the face of
this."

The Transportation Security Administration has fewer screeners and has tightened
security procedures. Airlines and the TSA have been warning customers to arrive
at the airport two hours in advance, but with summer travel season approaching
even that might not be enough.

___

'Self-funded' Donald Trump preparing to seek big-donor money

LAS VEGAS (AP) - The billionaire presidential candidate who prides himself on
paying his own way and bashed his competition for relying on political donors
now wants their money - and lots of it.

Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, recently hired a
national finance chairman, scheduled his first fundraiser and is on the cusp of
signing a deal with the Republican Party that would enable him to solicit
donations of more than $300,000 apiece from supporters.

His money-raising begins right away.

The still-forming finance team is planning a dialing-for-dollars event on the
fifth floor of Trump Tower in New York, and the campaign is at work on a
fundraising website focused on small donations. In addition to a May 25
fundraiser at the Los Angeles home of real estate developer Tom Barrack, he'll
hold another soon thereafter in New York.

The political newcomer faces a gargantuan task: A general election campaign can
easily run up a $1 billion tab. For the primary race, Trump spent a tiny
fraction of that amount - he's estimated $50 million of his own money, plus
about $12 million from donors who sought his campaign out on their own.

___

Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona found in contempt of court

PHOENIX (AP) - A judge found the longtime sheriff of metro Phoenix in contempt
of court Friday for disobeying his orders in a racial profiling case, bringing
the lawman who calls himself "America's Toughest Sheriff" a step closer to a
possible criminal contempt case that could expose him to fines and even jail
time.

The ruling Friday marked one of the biggest legal defeats in the six-term career
of Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who is known for cracking down on illegal immigration,
and was expected to lead to greater court oversight of his office.

U.S. District Judge Murray Snow set a May 31 hearing for attorneys to discuss
penalties. Shortly thereafter, Snow said he will issue an order on remedies and
whether he will refer the case for criminal contempt.

Two months ago, Arpaio made national news by showering his support on Republican
presidential front-runner Donald Trump, then campaigning for him ahead of
Arizona's primary. Trump even invoked Arpaio's name in his calls for tougher
immigration enforcement.

The 83-year-old Arpaio, who is seeking a seventh term this year, and three of
his top aides "have demonstrated a persistent disregard for the orders of this
court, as well as an intention to violate and manipulate the laws and policies
regulating their conduct," Snow wrote in a 162-page ruling.

___

Obamas welcome leaders, celebrities to Nordic State Dinner

WASHINGTON (AP) - Famous people and people just famous-for-Washington scored
coveted invitations to Friday night's White House state dinner honoring the
leaders of Sweden, Iceland, Finland, Denmark and Norway.

Will Ferrell, who famously parodied past President George W. Bush on "Saturday
Night Live," and Bellamy Young, first lady on the TV show "Scandal," made the
cut, as did recently retired late-night host David Letterman, "Girls" actress
Allison Williams and actor-comedian Aziz Ansari.

Ferrell's wife, Viveca Paulin, was born in Sweden, he told reporters as he
arrived for what he said was his first White House dinner.

"I hope we don't do anything wrong," Ferrell said.

Other guests with Nordic ties were Marcus Samuelsson, the Sweden-raised chef who
was a guest chef for the President Barack Obama's first state dinner seven years
ago, and Joel Kinnaman, a Swedish-American actor who played a politician in
"House of Cards."

___

Why Apple plunked $1 billion into Chinese ride-hailing

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Apple new $1 billion investment in the Chinese ride-hailing
service Didi Chuxing is as much about currying favor with regulators as directly
expanding its own business, analysts said. Apple might need the help; it faces
slowing iPhone sales and tougher restrictions on its services in the country.

The investment - one of Apple's largest to date - could serve other purposes as
well. It helps the company put some of its giant overseas cash hoard to work
without incurring taxes by bringing it back to the U.S. It might also inform
Apple's own interest in the automotive business; several reports suggest it has
begun work on its own self-driving car.

"It kills two or three birds with one stone," said Patrick Moorhead, principal
analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy.

Just last month, Apple was forced to shutter its iTunes Movies and iBooks Store
in China, a company spokesperson confirmed. A few days later, the company
reported that sales in mainland China - primarily of iPhones - fell 11 percent
in the first quarter, a big contributor to its first quarterly revenue decline
in 13 years.

"The Chinese government knows what they have is access to this massive market,"
Moorhead said. "What they would like is for you to take China more seriously" by
making major investments in the country, he said.

___

APNewsBreak: Anti-counterfeiting group suspends Alibaba

SHANGHAI (AP) - An anti-counterfeiting group said Friday it was suspending
Alibaba's membership following an uproar by some companies that view the Chinese
e-commerce giant as the world's largest marketplace for fakes.

The International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition told members that it had failed
to inform the board of directors about conflicts of interest involving the
group's president, Robert Barchiesi.

Earlier Friday, The Associated Press reported that Barchiesi had stock in
Alibaba, had close ties to an Alibaba executive and had used family members to
help run the coalition.

The coalition, in a letter to members sent after the AP report came out, said
conflicts weren't disclosed to the board "because of a weakness in our corporate
governance procedures." It said the failure was not because of "inaction on
Bob's part," referring to Barchiesi.

The coalition said that it is hiring an independent firm to review its corporate
governance policies.

___

Lebanon's Hezbollah most senior commander killed in Syria

BEIRUT (AP) - The top military commander of Lebanon's Hezbollah was killed in an
explosion near the Syrian capital of Damascus, the Shiite guerrilla group said
Friday, the highest-level casualty yet in its intervention in the raging civil
war next door.

The death of Mustafa Badreddine strikes a heavy blow to the militant group and
underscores how its deployment in Syria backing President Bashar Assad has
widened its circle of enemies beyond traditional foe Israel to include Sunni
extremists and conservative Gulf monarchies.

The 55-year-old Badreddine had directed Hezbollah's operations in Syria since
its fighters joined Assad's forces in 2012, the group's biggest ever military
intervention outside of Lebanon. Thousands of guerrillas fighting alongside
Syria's military were crucial to tipping the battlefield in the government's
favor on multiple fronts, from the suburbs of Damascus to the northern province
of Aleppo.

But it has come at a heavy price, with more than 1,000 Hezbollah fighters
killed. Sounding a tone of defiance Friday, the group's deputy leader said they
were undeterred.

"By killing you, they gave a new push to our drive that produces one martyr
after another, as well as one commander after another," Naim Kassem said as the
slain military chief was buried in a cemetery in southern Beirut.

___

Hawaii sues Takata, Honda over unsafe, defective air bags

HONOLULU (AP) - The state of Hawaii is suing Japanese manufacturer Takata over
defective air bags they say threaten peoples' lives.

The lawsuit filed Friday in the First Circuit Court of Hawaii also names auto
manufacturer Honda.

Millions of Takata's defective air bags have been recalled because their
inflators can explode, spewing shrapnel in cars. Hawaii is the first state in
the nation to sue over the air bags, which are blamed for at least 11 deaths
worldwide and more than 100 injuries.

Independent reports have concluded that a chemical used in Takata air bags -
ammonium nitrate - can degrade when exposed to heat and humidity, which can
trigger explosions.

"We're particularly vulnerable here in Hawaii to the defect that Takata has
manufactured ... we're not going to wait until something like this happens,"
said Stephen Levins, executive director of the Hawaii Office of Consumer
Protection.

___

Actress agrees to pay $1,000 for carving on red rock wall

FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) - Actress Vanessa Hudgens has paid $1,000 in restitution
for carving a heart into a red rock wall during a trip to Sedona, Arizona.

Hudgens posted a photo of the carving bearing the names "Vanessa" and "Austin"
on her Instagram page around Valentine's Day, along with other photos of the
couple amid towering red rocks that draw throngs of tourists to northern
Arizona.

The payment resolves a citation issued to Hudgens on a misdemeanor count of
damaging a natural feature on U.S. Forest Service land. The money was used by a
volunteer group called Friends of the Forest to restore the rock wall, which
typically is done by scrubbing or sanding the rock.

A federal magistrate in Flagstaff approved the agreement April 19, but it was
not made public. The Associated Press obtained a statement of probable cause and
the agreement resolving the citation from the federal judiciary under a records
request.

A publicist for Hudgens did not immediately respond to a message left Friday.
Hudgens is best known for her role as Gabriella Montez in the "High School
Musical" TV-movie franchise.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 14, 2016 Saturday 2:40 AM GMT

Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona found in contempt of court

BYLINE: By WALTER BERRY and JACQUES BILLEAUD, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 817 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


PHOENIX (AP) - A judge found the longtime sheriff of metro Phoenix in contempt
of court Friday for disobeying his orders in a racial profiling case, bringing
the lawman who calls himself "America's Toughest Sheriff" a step closer to a
possible criminal contempt case that could expose him to fines and even jail
time.

The ruling Friday marked one of the biggest legal defeats in the six-term career
of Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who is known for cracking down on illegal immigration,
and was expected to lead to greater court oversight of his office.

U.S. District Judge Murray Snow set a May 31 hearing for attorneys to discuss
penalties. Shortly thereafter, Snow said he will issue an order on remedies and
whether he will refer the case for criminal contempt.

Two months ago, Arpaio made national news by showering his support on Republican
presidential front-runner Donald Trump, then campaigning for him ahead of
Arizona's primary. Trump even invoked Arpaio's name in his calls for tougher
immigration enforcement.

The 83-year-old Arpaio, who is seeking a seventh term this year, and three of
his top aides "have demonstrated a persistent disregard for the orders of this
court, as well as an intention to violate and manipulate the laws and policies
regulating their conduct," Snow wrote in a 162-page ruling.

"We have begun our reading and analysis of this lengthy document, and expect to
file a responsive memorandum," attorneys for the sheriff's office said in a
statement late Friday afternoon. "Despite disagreeing with some of the Court's
findings, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office will continue to work with the
court-appointed monitor, the ACLU and plaintiffs to comply with the court's
orders, as it has since January 2014."

Snow ruled three years ago that Arpaio's officers systematically racially
profiled Latinos in regular traffic stops and immigration patrols. He ordered a
sweeping overhaul of the agency, including making patrol officers wear body
cameras and conducting more training to ensure officers aren't making
unconstitutional traffic stops.

Arpaio has acknowledged violating Snow's orders, including letting deputies
conduct his signature immigration patrols 18 months after the judge barred them.

The civil contempt finding doesn't disqualify Arpaio from holding office. It's
unclear whether a criminal contempt finding would prevent him from serving as
sheriff. A felony contempt conviction would force him from office, but the judge
has the option of recommending either a misdemeanor or felony contempt case.

The judge said Friday that Arpaio "engaged in multiple acts of misconduct,
dishonesty and bad faith" related to those who sued over the racial profiling
and "made multiple intentional misstatements of fact" while testifying during a
hearing.

Snow is expected to require Maricopa County to compensate Latinos who were
illegally detained during the 18 months that Arpaio's office violated the
prohibition on its immigration patrols. The county the sheriff polices has
already paid out $41 million over the past eight years in the case, and
taxpayers will have to pick up an additional $13 million over the next year.

Lawyers who pressed the case against Arpaio say at least 190 people were pulled
over in violation of the order to stop immigration patrols, though they contend
the number of victims is likely much higher. They said Arpaio violated the order
because he wanted to look tough on immigration during a difficult 2012 election
and later used his powerful position to insulate himself from the consequences
of his decision.

One of those attorneys, Cecillia Wang of the American Civil Liberties Union,
said Arpaio's defiance must end.

"Strong remedies are needed to protect the community's rights, starting with
internal investigations that root out misconduct," she said. "Willing or not,
the sheriff will be made to comply with the law."

An internal investigation into the violation didn't find any policy infractions
and didn't result in discipline against any employees, even though Arpaio's top
aide acknowledged defying the order. The judge found Chief Deputy Jerry Sheridan
in contempt and that he lied under oath.

The contempt case also examined a secret investigation by the sheriff's office
that opponents say was intended to discredit Snow. Arpaio has been accused of
retaliating against his critics in the past but vigorously denied investigating
the judge.

He insists the investigation examined claims that someone had hacked the bank
information of thousands of people. Snow has said the investigation tried to
prove a "bogus conspiracy" between him and the U.S. Justice Department, which
was pursuing a separate civil rights lawsuit against Arpaio.

The sheriff had testified that others in his office ran the investigation. Snow
said the inquiry was relevant to the contempt case because it raises questions
about whether Arpaio testified truthfully about it.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 15, 2016 Sunday 11:25 PM GMT

On more than one issue, GOP's Trump sounds like a Democrat

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 948 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - As he tries to charm Republicans still skeptical of his
presidential candidacy, Donald Trump has a challenge: On several key issues, he
sounds an awful lot like a Democrat.

And on some points of policy, such as trade and national defense, the
billionaire businessman could even find himself running to the left of Hillary
Clinton, his likely Democratic rival in the general election.

Trump is a classic Republican in many ways. He rails against environmental and
corporate regulations, proposes dramatically lower tax rates and holds firm on
opposing abortion rights. But the presumptive GOP nominee doesn't fit neatly
into a traditional ideological box.

"I think I'm running on common sense," he said in a recent interview with The
Associated Press. "I think I'm running on what's right. I don't think in terms
of labels."

Perhaps Trump's clearest break with Republican orthodoxy is on trade, which the
party's 2012 platform said was "crucial for our economy" and a path to "more
American jobs, higher wages, and a better standard of living."

Trump says his views on trade are "not really different" from the rest of his
party's, yet he pledges to rip up existing deals negotiated by "stupid leaders"
who failed to put American workers first. He regularly slams the North American
Free Trade Agreement involving the U.S, Mexico and Canada, and opposes a pending
Asia-Pacific pact, positions shared by Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders.

"The problem is the ideologues, the very conservative group, would say
everything has to be totally free trade," Trump said. "But you can't have free
trade if the deals are going to be bad. And that's what we have."

Trump long has maintained that he has no plans to scale back Social Security
benefits or raise its qualifying retirement age. The position puts him in line
with Clinton. She has said she would "defend and expand" Social Security, has
ruled out a higher retirement age and opposes reductions in cost-of-living
adjustments or other benefits.

"There is tremendous waste, fraud and abuse, but I'm leaving it the way it is,"
Trump recently told Fox Business Network.

It's a stance at odds with the country's top-ranked elected Republican, House
Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, who has advocated fundamental changes to Social
Security and other entitlement programs. But it's also one that Trump argues
keeps him in line with the wishes of most voters.

"Remember the wheelchair being pushed over the cliff when you had Ryan chosen as
your vice president?" Trump told South Carolina voters this year, referring to
then-vice presidential candidate Ryan's budget plan. "That was the end of that
campaign." Ryan was Mitt Romney's running mate in 2012.

Complicating the efforts to define Trump is his penchant for offering
contradictory ideas about policy. He also has taken recently to saying that all
of his plans are merely suggestions, open to later negotiation.

Trump's tax plan, for instance, released last fall, called for lowering the rate
paid by the wealthiest people in the United States from 39.6 percent to 25
percent and slashing the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent.

Trump described it as a massive boon for the middle class. Outside experts
concluded it disproportionately benefited the rich and would balloon the federal
deficit.

Close to clinching the nomination, Trump now appears to be pulling away from his
own proposal. While he still wants to lower taxes for the wealthy and
businesses, he now says his plan was just a starting point for discussions and
he would like to see the middle class benefit more from whatever changes he
seeks in tax law.

"We have to go to Congress, we have to go to the Senate, we have to go to our
congressmen and women and we have to negotiate a deal," Trump said recently. "So
it really is a proposal, but it's a very steep proposal."

Trump has a similar take on the minimum wage. Trump said at a GOP primary debate
that wages are too high, and later made clear that he does not support a federal
minimum wage. Yet when speaking about the issue, he says he recognizes the
difficulty of surviving on the current minimum wage of $7.25 an hour.

"I am open to doing something with it," he told CNN this month.

On foreign policy, Trump already appears working to paint Clinton as a national
security hawk who would too easily the lead the country into conflict.

"On foreign policy, Hillary is trigger happy," Trump said at a recent rally, He
listed the countries where the U.S. had intervened militarily during her tenure
as secretary of state and pointed to her vote to authorize the Iraq war while
she was in the Senate.

Trump's own "America First" approach appears to lean more toward isolationism.
One of his foreign policy advisers, Walid Phares, recently described it as a
"third way."

"This doesn't fit any of the boxes," Phares said.

Clinton has advocated using "smart power," a combination of diplomatic, legal,
economic, political and cultural tools to expand American influence. She
believes the U.S. has a unique ability to rally the world to defeat
international threats.

She argues the country must be an active participant on the world stage,
particularly as part of international alliances such as NATO. Trump has
criticized the military alliance, questioning a structure that sees the U.S. pay
for most of its costs.

"The best thing about Donald Trump today is he's not Hillary Clinton, but he's
certainly not a conservative, either," said GOP Rep. Tim Huelskamp, a member of
the ultra-conservative Freedom Caucus and a Ted Cruz supporter in the 2016 race,
in an interview with "Fox News Sunday."

___

Associated Press writer Lisa Lerer in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 15, 2016 Sunday 8:07 PM GMT

Rebuking Trump, Obama tells graduates walls won't solve ills

BYLINE: By JOSH LEDERMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 655 words

DATELINE: PISCATAWAY, N.J.


PISCATAWAY, N.J. (AP) - President Barack Obama on Sunday urged college graduates
to shun those who want to confront a rapidly changing world by building walls
around the United States or by embracing ignorance, as he delivered a sharp and
barely concealed critique of Donald Trump.

Obama used his commencement speech at Rutgers University to illustrate a world
view antithetical to the ideas espoused by the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee. Looking out at a sea of red and black gowns, Obama told
the roughly 12,000 graduating students that the pace of change on the planet is
accelerating, not subsiding, and that recent history had proved that the
toughest challenges cannot be solved in isolation.

"A wall won't stop that," Obama said, bringing to mind Trump's call for building
a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico. "The point is, to help ourselves,
we've got to help others - not pull up the drawbridge and try to keep the world
out."

The president never mentioned Trump by name, but his intended target seemed
clear. Repeatedly, Obama referred to disparaging comments about Muslims and
immigrants, and opposition to free trade deals. But he appeared most incensed by
what he described as a rejection of facts, science and intellectualism that he
said was pervading politics.

"In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue," Obama said. "It's not cool
to not know what you're talking about. That's not keeping it real or telling it
like it is. That's not challenging political correctness. That's just not
knowing what you're talking about," the president said.

"And yet, we've become confused about this," he continued, warning that the
rejection of facts and science would lead the U.S. on a path of decline.

Obama's rebuke came as Trump is close to clinching the GOP nomination, raising
the prospect that November's election could portend a reversal of Obama's
policies and approach to governing. In recent days, Trump has started focusing
on the general election while working to unite a fractured Republican Party
around his candidacy. Democrats are readying for a fight against a reality TV
host they never anticipated would make it this far.

Obama has mostly steered clear as Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders
compete for the nomination. But he has used speeches such the Rutgers address to
lay out themes that Democrats may ultimately use as they work to deny Trump the
White House.

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who ran against Trump for the GOP nomination,
has since endorsed him and become one of his most vocal surrogates. Christie
didn't attend the president's speech at Rutgers, instead spending the day at
nearby Princeton University for his son's baseball game in the Ivy League
championship.

In his speech, Obama told graduates that when they hear people wax nostalgic
about the "good old days" in America, they should "take it with a grain of
salt."

"Guess what? It ain't so," the president said, rattling off a list of measures
by which life is better in the U.S. than in decades past.

Some 50,000 students and their families packed High Point Solution Stadium for
the ceremony, the first at Rutgers to involve a sitting president. The public
university's leaders lobbied the president for years to come to campus for the
school's 250th anniversary.

Sunday's address was the second of three commencement speeches that Obama will
deliver during his final graduation season as president. Earlier in May, Obama
echoed similar themes about progress in the U.S. when he spoke at historically
black Howard University in Washington. The president will also speak on June 2
at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado.

The university also bestowed an honorary law degree on the president, adding to
the half-dozen or so other honorary degrees that the Columbia and Harvard Law
School graduate has received.

___

Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 15, 2016 Sunday 7:48 PM GMT

Danson returns to NBC schedule with a Thursday night comedy

BYLINE: By DAVID BAUDER, AP Television Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Ted Danson returns to NBC's Thursday night lineup this fall as
part of a conservative scheduling strategy announced Sunday for a network that
is holding off much of its new material for other times in the year.

NBC also reached a last-minute deal with producers of the popular comedy "The
Carmichael Show" to bring it back next season. The network released its
scheduling plans Sunday in advance of Monday's presentation to advertisers in
New York, the first of the broadcasters that will do so this week.

Danson, the memorable barkeep in "Cheers" on NBC more than two decades ago, will
star in "The Good Place." He plays Kristen Bell's guide to the afterlife in a
comedy produced by Michael Schur, whose credits include "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" and
"Parks and Recreation."

"It's basically a redemptive story about a young woman who hasn't made the best
choices in life finding herself with a chance to course correct," said Jennifer
Salke, NBC Entertainment president.

The network is doing some schedule shuffling, moving the sophomore thriller
"Blindspot" from Monday to Wednesday, the drama "Chicago Med" from Tuesday to
Thursday and "The Blacklist" back an hour to 10 p.m. on Thursday nights.

But of the 12 new series NBC plans to introduce next season, only three are on
the fall schedule. Besides "The Good Place," the other two are the dramas
"Timeless," about a criminal who steals a secret time machine with the goal of
destroying America by changing its past, and "This is Us," a drama-comedy
starring Mandy Moore about three strangers whose lives intersect in odd ways.

Among the shows NBC plans to roll out later in the year are "Chicago Justice,"
the fourth in Dick Wolf's series of Chicago dramas, a spinoff of "The
Blacklist," a remake of the movie "Taken," a "Wizard of Oz" reimagining, a
comedy based on Marlon Wayans' life and another comedy that will return John
Lithgow to NBC's schedule. Also returning later is Steve Harvey's kids' show
"Little Big Shots" and "Celebrity Apprentice" with Arnold Schwarzenegger, which
won't be on the air until the electoral fate of the show's original host, Donald
Trump, is known.

The strategy illustrates the changing nature of TV, when new shows premiere
year-round, and NBC touts its stability. But the conservative fall lineup is
noticeable in a year where NBC has the powerful platform of the Summer Olympics
in August to promote its programming.

"For the first time in a long time we're not running around throwing shows up
against the wall and hoping for the best," said Robert Greenblatt, NBC
Entertainment chairman.

NBC will take advantage of the Olympics attention by airing an episode of the
comedy "Superstore" during the Games, and when they conclude in late August will
air a new reality show that follows Henry Winkler, William Shatner, Terry
Bradshaw and George Foreman on a trip across Asia.

NBC executives and Twentieth Century Fox Television were haggling over the
number of episodes of "The Carmichael Show" that would be ordered for next
season. They settled on 13, announcing the show's pickup three hours after the
network had released next season's schedule. It's unclear when the show will be
back on the air.

NBC said it still is discussing whether one of its high-profile pilots, a remake
of the movie "Cruel Intentions" starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, will find a
place on its schedule.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 15, 2016 Sunday 7:14 PM GMT

GOP leaders describe unity as the education of Donald Trump

BYLINE: By LAURIE KELLMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 588 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Top Republicans suggested on Sunday that Donald Trump needs
more public policy schooling, particularly on foreign affairs, to earn the
confidence of a fractured party and show he's ready to take on likely Democratic
presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.

"I think he's going to need to learn. He's going to need to understand really
completely ... how complex this world is," said Trump's top Senate ally and top
foreign policy adviser, Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala.

To Rep. Tom Cole, R-Okla., Trump "is a work in progress," more so than most
candidates. "Usually you know a lot more about a candidate because they've run
for other things. They've cast votes. They've done things. And he does have a
shoot-from-the-hip style."

GOP officials are still trying to determine who should be the leading voice for
party barely six months before Americans choose their next president in a likely
showdown between Trump and Clinton, a former senator and secretary of state.
Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., who held a high-profile meeting in
Washington last week, represent two Republican factions. Ryan has said he is not
yet ready to back Trump.

With strong opposition among some in the party to Trump, Republican National
Committee Chairman Reince Priebus used the term "suicide mission" to described
any effort to entice an independent, anti-Trump candidate.

Trump and Ryan said after their meeting Thursday that they were committed to
unifying the party despite their difference over immigration, Muslim immigrants,
taxes, benefit programs and trade. The discussion seemed to thaw relations
enough to make a reconciliation seem possible, and the men spoke of keeping the
lines of communication open and of finding common ground.

Other Republicans are describing what that means to them.

Ryan's predecessor as speaker, John Boehner, said at a conference of finance
industry leaders in Las Vegas on Thursday that he endorsed Trump and that Ryan
probably was "trying to help shape the direction of Trump's policies."

What concerns many Republicans is the prospect of their backing Trump and then
having him stumble over the party's core policy issues. For example, he once
suggested in an MSNBC interview that there should be "some form of punishment"
for women who have had abortions. Ultimately, Trump said abortion providers, not
women, were the ones who should be punished if abortions were outlawed.

The policy education for Trump and his team appears to be underway.

A few weeks ago, top aide Paul Manafort spent about an hour at the conservative
Heritage Foundation Washington as part of what the think tank described as part
of an ongoing series of policy briefings for candidates and their advisers.
Other Trump officials have been meeting with individual members of the House.
Trump himself met with senators on the same day he met with Ryan, and many
emerged describing an open-minded, even earnest candidate.

And lately, Trump has taken to describing his policy proposals as merely
"suggestions."

But Trump also has said he's his own best foreign policy adviser.

By Sunday, GOP figures were widely acknowledging Trump's learning curve and
urging patience.

Sessions said Trump has much to learn about how to talk about matters of war.

"It's just a very, very complex world and you have to be careful when you commit
a military force," Sessions said.

Session and Cole were on ABC's "This Week," and Priebus appeared on CBS' "Face
the Nation."

___

Follow Laurie Kellman on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/APLaurieKellman

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 15, 2016 Sunday 5:13 PM GMT

Bridge case 'John Doe' argues court should keep list secret

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - An anonymous person whose name is on a list of unindicted
co-conspirators in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing case has asked
a federal appeals court to stop the release of the names this week so he can
argue he would be unfairly branded a criminal if the list is made public.

An attorney for the man, referred to as John Doe in court papers, appealed a
federal judge's ruling in New Jersey to the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals,
writing that releasing the names without allowing her client to establish that
he wasn't a co-conspirator would violate his due process rights.

U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton last week denied the person's request to keep
the names secret but moved a deadline to noon Tuesday for the government to
release the list. The Associated Press is among the media organizations that
went to court for the release of the names.

"We are confident the court will agree with Judge Wigenton and deny this stay
request," said Bruce Rosen, of McCusker, Anselmi, Rosen & Carvelli, the attorney
for the media groups.

Jenny Kramer, an attorney for Doe, contended that her client's reputation would
be damaged by being "publicly branded a felon."

In the criminal case, two former allies of Republican Gov. Chris Christie face
charges accusing them of creating traffic jams at the bridge for political
revenge against a local Democratic mayor. Christie, a former presidential
candidate and now a key Donald Trump supporter, has not been charged and has
denied advance knowledge of the lane closures.

The list includes the names of people the government believes were involved in
the alleged conspiracy but prosecutors have insufficient evidence to criminally
charge them.

The U.S. attorney's office also opposes the release of the list.

Kramer wrote in her filing Saturday to the appeals court that courts have found
that identifying someone as an unindicted co-coconspirator without giving them a
chance to challenge the accusation is a violation of due process.

"Doe will suffer irreparable harm absent the relief sought because once he is
named as an unindicted co-conspirator at noon on May 17, the stigma that the
Government believes there is evidence that he entered an agreement to shut down
traffic at the George Washington Bridge to retaliate against (Fort Lee Mayor
Mark) Sokolich can never be removed," Kramer wrote.

The judge said in her ruling that she was puzzled that Doe waited until the
night before the list was to be released, originally Friday, to attempt to
intervene. The judge disagreed with Kramer's argument that he wasn't given a
chance for due process.

Bridget Kelly, Christie's then-deputy chief of staff, and Bill Baroni, a top
Christie appointee to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, face
federal wire fraud and civil rights charges and are scheduled for trial this
fall. The Port Authority oversees the bridge operations.

Kelly and Baroni have pleaded not guilty and have asked to have the charges
dismissed.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 15, 2016 Sunday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1980 words


Schools offer lessons on accommodating transgender students

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - From locker rooms and sex education classes to dress codes
and overnight field trips, many U.S. public schools already are balancing the
civil rights of transgender students with any concerns that classmates, parents
and community members might have.

The U.S. Department of Education is drawing on those practices to guide other
schools as they work to comply with the Obama administration's directive that
transitioning children be treated consistent with their gender identity.

That has been the policy since 2013 of the Arcadia Unified School District in
Southern California. As part of a settlement with the federal departments of
Justice and Education that became the foundation for the national mandate issued
Friday, students may use the bathroom, locker room or wilderness cabin that
corresponds with their recognized gender outside school, Superintendent David
Vannasdall said.

"This is absolutely not about a student on a day-to-day basis saying, 'Today I'm
a boy, tomorrow I'm a girl.' That has never happened," Vannasdall said. "By the
time these students are at a point where they are asking for our help, they are
presenting in all areas of their life as that gender."

The administration had warned schools before Friday that denying transgender
students access to the correct facilities and activities was illegal under its
interpretation of federal sex discrimination laws. But the new guidance, for the
first time, offers advice for accommodating the privacy needs of nontransgender
youngsters.

___

Ukraine's Jamala wins 2016 Eurovision Song Contest

STOCKHOLM (AP) - Ukrainian singer Jamala's melancholic tune about Soviet
dictator Josef Stalin's 1944 deportation of the Crimean Tatars was crowned the
winner of the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest early Sunday, an unusual choice for
the kitschy pop fest.

Susana Jamaladinova, a 32-year-old trained opera singer who uses the stage name
Jamala, received the highest score of 534 points for her song "1944," after
votes from juries and TV viewers across Europe were tallied following
performances Saturday night by the 26 finalists at Stockholm's Globe Arena.

Australia's Dami Im was second with 511 points, followed by Russia's Sergey
Lazarev in third with 491.

The show was broadcast live in Europe, China, Kazakhstan, Australia, New Zealand
and, for the first time, the United States. Last year's contest reached nearly
200 million viewers globally.

Amid entries about love and desire, Jamala's song stood out. With somber lyrics
it recalls how Crimean Tatars, including her great-grandmother, were deported in
1944 by Soviet authorities during World War II. Many died during the
deportations or starved to death on the barren steppes of central Asia. Decades
later some of the survivors were allowed to return to the Crimean Peninsula.

___

Maduro threatens to seize idle Venezuela plants, jail owners

CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) - Venezuela's president has threatened to take over idle
factories and jail their owners following a decree of emergency powers this
week.

Nicolas Maduro is ordering "all actions to recover the production apparatus,
which is being paralyzed by the bourgeoisie."

He also warns that businesspeople who halt production risk being "put in
handcuffs."

Last month the country's largest food and beverage distributor, Empresas Polar,
shut down its last operating beer plant. It says it has been unable to access
hard currency to buy raw materials.

Maduro accuses Polar and others of trying to destabilize the economically
stricken country by exacerbating shortages of goods from foodstuffs to medicines
to toilet paper.

___

Photo controversy highlights black women in Long Gray Line

Self-expression is hardly a part of life for cadets at the United States
Military Academy.

So it was far from ordinary when 16 black women put their own spin on the
traditional graduation photo, hoisting their fists in the air while posing in
their dress uniforms, swords at their sides.

A social media firestorm followed. So did an internal inquiry at the school.

Some viewed the cadets' pose as a gesture of racial solidarity and strength.
Others questioned whether it was a statement of support for Black Lives Matter.

West Point officials decided last week that the photo was not politically
motivated and no punishment was warranted. Still, that outcome left some black
female graduates confused: Why would anyone see controversy in how those 16
women celebrated their experience in the Long Gray Line?

___

Big rallies or quiet voters? Is Clinton low on enthusiasm?

DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Rock concert rallies versus intimate town halls. Adoring
groupies versus dutiful voters. Sweeping promises versus targeted proposals.

Whether Hillary Clinton is competing against Democratic rival Bernie Sanders or
presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, one concern is much the same. They
are outsider candidates riding a wave of populist excitement, while she is
viewed as a traditional, establishment choice.

As a result, her campaign sometimes just looks a little less exciting.

Clinton has won far more votes than any other 2016 candidate. But if she moves
into a general election matchup with Trump, she may continue to be dogged by
questions about voter enthusiasm, especially as Trump pledges to continue his
raucous rallies.

Clinton's supporters say they are not worried.

___

For original Trump team, a moment to celebrate and reflect

NEW YORK (AP) - They were the core of the original Trump team, a small group of
largely obscure political operatives who signed on a year ago for the seemingly
quixotic presidential campaign of an oft-mocked celebrity businessman.

Yet there they were in the lobby of the Trump Tower in New York City, sharing a
very public embrace as Donald Trump's victory in Indiana made it clear he was on
track to be the Republican nominee for president. The improbable had come to
pass.

"It's professionally very satisfying," campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said
in an interview. "A lot of us have been here from the very beginning when the
professional pundits said this was a career-ender and we weren't going
anywhere."

"We've done something no one thought could be done," Lewandowski said.

Lewandowski's path to Trump Tower was an unlikely one. He grew up in Lowell,
Massachusetts, worked as a political operative on Capitol Hill, graduated from
the New Hampshire state police academy and took a job with Americans for
Prosperity, the flagship conservative political organization of the billionaire
industrialists Charles and David Koch.

___

Officials: 8 dead, 44 hurt, in South Texas bus crash

LAREDO, Texas (AP) - A charter bus headed to a casino crashed in far South Texas
on Saturday, killing eight people and injuring 44 others in a one-vehicle
rollover, officials said.

Seven people died at the scene on U.S. Highway 83 about 46 miles north of Laredo
and another died later at a Laredo hospital, Texas Department of Public Safety
Trooper Conrad Hein said.

"The driver of the bus lost control and rolled over," he said. "Everything's
real preliminary right now."

Hein said the driver was among the survivors. His name and the names of
passengers were not immediately available, Hein said.

The trooper said it was raining Saturday morning but it was uncertain if that
was a factor in the crash that occurred just before 11:30 a.m. He said no other
vehicles were in the area at the time.

___

AP Exclusive: Peace deal expected with armed Afghan group

KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) - Afghanistan is expected to finalize a peace deal with
a notorious militant group in the coming days, in what could be a template for
ending the 15-year war with the Taliban, a government official and a
representative of the militant group said Saturday.

The deal is partly symbolic as the group in question, Hezb-i-Islami, has been
largely inactive for years, but it marks a breakthrough for President Ashraf
Ghani, who has made little progress in reviving peace talks with the far more
powerful Taliban.

Under the 25-point agreement, a draft of which was seen by The Associated Press,
Hezb-i-Islami would end its war against the government, commit to respecting the
Afghan constitution and cease all contact with other insurgents. In return its
members would receive amnesty and its prisoners would be released.

Ataul Rahman Saleem, deputy head of the High Peace Council - a government body
charged with negotiating an end to the war - told the AP that the deal could be
completed on Sunday, after two years of negotiations. A senior representative of
Hezb-i-Islami, Amin Karim, also said he expected Ghani to approve the final
version of the agreement on Sunday.

Hezb-i-Islami is led by warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, whose forces killed
thousands of people in Kabul during the 1992-1996 civil war. He is believed to
be in Pakistan, though Karim has said he is in an unspecified location in
Afghanistan. He could soon return to Kabul to sign a formal peace deal and take
up residence.

___

Ruled 'broken,' Texas foster care system faces long overhaul

DALLAS (AP) - At 5, the girl identified as S.A. entered the Texas foster care
system. Within months, she reported being raped by an older child. She was moved
more than 45 times, including to psychiatric hospitals, and missed several
chances for adoption because of paperwork delays. At 18, after aging out of the
system, she walked into traffic and was hit by a car. At last report, she was
living in a homeless shelter.

Her story, detailed in court records, was among scores of chronic foster care
failures that led a federal judge to declare the Texas system unconstitutionally
flawed and order an independent overhaul. Unlike most other states under similar
orders, Texas is fighting the ruling - even as two court-appointed
administrators face a September deadline to present a reform plan.

The system, which has about 30,000 children in homes and institutional settings,
is "broken, and it has been that way for decades," U.S. District Judge Janis
Graham Jack said in her December ruling. That's especially true for those
labeled permanent wards of the state, she said, who "almost uniformly leave
state custody more damaged than when they entered."

That label, covering about 12,000 children on whose behalf the suit was brought,
can be affixed after a child spends just a year in custody and means they
receive less care and oversight, Jack said.

Another troubling aspect of Texas' system, the judge wrote, was allowing "foster
group homes." Texas' stated allowance of up to 12 children in such homes,
including the caregivers' own, was exceeded, Jack said, calling them "a hybrid"
between traditional foster homes and institutional facilities that provided
"fewer benefits ... and fewer safeguards."

___

Facebook exec Sandberg urges graduates to build resilience

BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) - Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg
encouraged graduating seniors at the University of California, Berkeley to
persevere in life's challenging times, speaking publicly for the first time
about her husband's death during a commencement speech.

Sandberg, whose husband, Dave Goldberg, died in a treadmill accident while on
vacation last year in Mexico, said she was "swallowed up in the deep fog of
grief."

"Dave's death changed me in very profound ways," she told 4,700 graduating
seniors. "I learned about the depths of sadness and the brutality of loss. But I
also learned that when life sucks you under, you can kick against the bottom,
break the surface and breathe again."

Losing her husband helped her find deeper gratitude for the kindness of her
friends, the love of her family and the laughter of her children. She realized
that in the face of any challenge, one can choose joy and meaning, Sandberg told
the crowd.

"It is the greatest irony of my life that losing my husband helped me find
deeper gratitude," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 15, 2016 Sunday 2:07 AM GMT

Ryan says there's no timeline for unifying behind Trump

BYLINE: By SCOTT BAUER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 126 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY, Wis.


GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP) - House Speaker Paul Ryan says he doesn't have a timeline
for unifying behind presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

During a news conference Saturday in Green Bay, Wisconsin, reporters asked Ryan
whether he hopes to have party unity before the GOP convention in July. He says
"this is a process, we still have some time to go."

Ryan also says that Republicans are in the process of unifying while "Democrats
are still ripping each other apart."

Ryan says he and Trump will have policy disputes, "no two ways about it," but
that it's important there be "real party unity, not pretend party unity."

Ryan says that while there are questions about Republicans refusing to back
Trump, "we're really in the never Hillary camp."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 10:26 PM GMT

Obama says Senate obligated to vote on Supreme Court nominee

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN HENNESSEY, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - President Barack Obama said Monday he believes the Senate has
a constitutional obligation to vote on a president's nomination to the Supreme
Court, staking out a position at odds with Republicans and some legal scholars.

Obama made the claim in an online video interview about his stalled nomination
of U.S. Circuit Court Judge Merrick Garland. Asked if he thought the
Constitution's language about "advice and consent" meant the Senate had an
obligation to hold a vote, Obama told BuzzFeed News: "I do."

The Constitution says the president "shall" appoint judges to the Supreme Court
"with the advice and consent of the Senate." Senate Republicans have maintained
they are fulfilling their constitutional duty by choosing not to consider
Garland at all.

The GOP has pointed out that in 2005, Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid argued
that the Constitution doesn't say the Senate has a duty to vote on presidential
nominees.

Months of efforts by the White House to build up political pressure on
Republicans to relent and hold a vote have so far been ineffective. Although a
number of Republicans have met with Garland and a few have expressed openness to
hearings, GOP leadership has stood firm behind their insistence that the next
president should get to choose a replacement for the late Justice Antonin
Scalia.

Obama also tried to use Donald Trump's ascent as the presumptive GOP
presidential nominee as another reason why a Scalia replacement shouldn't wait.
With many Republicans openly questioning Trump's temperament and principles,
Democrats have said it's too risky to let Trump pick the next justice if he's
elected in November.

"Precisely because this election year has been so crazy, because we have a
number of Republicans say that they're concerned about their nominee, it shows
why you can't politicize a Supreme Court vacancy," Obama said.

In the interview, Obama said erroneously that Garland had been "confirmed
unanimously" by the Senate to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Garland was confirmed on a vote of 76-23 in 1997.

___

Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 9:57 PM GMT

Gov. Doug Ducey signs bill inspired by Trump protest

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


PHOENIX (AP) - Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey has signed a measure that increases
penalties for people who block access to political campaign events.

Protesters who blocked the roads before a March rally for Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump inspired state lawmakers to update the law.

The measure increases penalties for blocking traffic from a Class 3 to a Class 1
misdemeanor if the person intentionally blocks access to a political campaign
event or a government meeting or hearing.

The bill and another alongside it that Ducey signed Monday also prevent colleges
and universities from restricting free speech in a public forum and lay out
guidelines for when limitations are acceptable.

Ducey said in a statement that the measures allow for a diversity of opinions to
flourish at colleges.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 9:17 PM GMT

Fox's 2016-17 lineup includes 2 new fall dramas and a comedy

BYLINE: By DAVID BAUDER, AP Television Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 678 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Fox's fall schedule will feel like a trip to the multiplex, with
its two new dramas being remakes of the popular movies "Lethal Weapon" and "The
Exorcist" and a one-time new version of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" booked
for Halloween week.

The network unveiled its first season schedule in a decade and a half without
"American Idol," announcing a total of 11 new series. They include a short run
of a familiar Fox franchise, "24: Legacy," which will premiere in February
directly after Fox's broadcast of the Super Bowl.

"Lethal Weapon," which will air on Wednesday nights prior to Fox's most popular
show, "Empire," stars Clayne Crawford and Damon Wayans, Sr. as the
crime-fighting duo Riggs and Murtaugh. "The Exorcist" will air on Fridays, the
story centered around two priests trying to cure a family of demonic possession.

"This is an intense psychological thriller that's scary as hell," said Gary
Newman, chairman and CEO of the Fox Television Group.

Premiering two familiar titles in the fall gives Fox a leg up on marketing since
viewers are already familiar with the concepts, said Dana Walden, also chairman
and CEO of Fox TV. The other new Fox series coming in the fall is "Son of Zorn,"
a hybrid of animation and live-action about a warrior from a faraway island
trying to win back his ex-wife and son.

Actress Laverne Cox is featured as Dr. Frank-n-Furter in the new version of
"Rocky Horror." Tim Curry, featured in the 1975 original movie, will appear as
narrator.

Fox News Channel's Megyn Kelly appeared at Fox's advertising presentation
Tuesday, promoting her interview with Donald Trump on the broadcast network
Wednesday. Fox has suggested that Kelly's prime-time interview special could
lead to others, without making a firm commitment.

Kelly said Trump was more personal in their conversation than she could have
imagined. The presumptive Republican nominee has criticized Kelly repeatedly
since he was angered by some questions she asked in a debate last summer.

"It does have a few shocking moments that I think will have people talking a lot
the next day," Kelly said.

As is becoming typical in television, fall is no longer the sole premiere
season. Fox will sprinkle new series throughout the year, and promised that more
than 90 percent of its schedule next season will be original programming.

"Our audience is not interested in repeats and that requires a tremendous amount
of original programming," Walden said.

"Empire" creator Lee Daniels is making a new music-based series, "Star," which
will take over the "Empire" time slot when the established show goes on a
midseason hiatus. Queen Latifah and Benjamin Bratt are featured in "Star," which
follows three singers trying to make it in show biz.

The drama "Pitch" is about the first woman trying to make it Major League
Baseball, and its premiere will coincide with the start of the next baseball
season.

Fox is bringing back "Prison Break" for a short-run event series. Network
executives also said the stars and creator of "The X-Files" are on board to make
more episodes, but they won't be ready for the upcoming season.

Midseason comedies include "The Mick," with Kaitlin Olson starring as a young
hustler, and "Making History," a time-travel story about three friends from
different centuries.

The reality series "Kicking & Screaming" will pair survivalists with
nature-phobic partners in a competition Walden described as "'Simple Life' meets
'The Amazing Race.'"

"Bones" will begin its final season on Fox next year. Fox also defended the
renewal of "Sleepy Hollow" for a fourth season despite some unusual criticism
from fans who wondered whether it was worth bringing the show back after one of
its two lead characters, Abbie Mills, was killed off. The renewal doesn't
necessarily mean it will be the last season; Walden said there were still
stories to tell involving the Ichabod Crane character.

"While there was backlash, there was also a tremendous amount of enthusiasm
about the show being back," Walden said.

___

Television Writer Frazier Moore contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 9:00 PM GMT

'Hamilton' star Miranda says 'immigrants get the job done'

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 316 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The creator of the hit Broadway musical "Hamilton" says it's
a needed reminder during a heated political season that "immigrants get the job
done."

Lin-Manuel Miranda, who wrote and stars in the inventive biographical hip-hop
show about the life of Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton, also apologized
for not mentioning Philadelphia even though some of the action occurs in the
city.

Miranda, speaking Monday at the University of Pennsylvania commencement, said
even as politics traffics in "anti-immigrant rhetoric," there is a musical
"reminding us that a broke orphan immigrant from the West Indies built our
financial system."

"Since the beginning of the great unfinished symphony that is our American
experiment, time and time again immigrants get the job done," he said.

It was a thinly veiled jab at presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump, who wants to deport the millions of people in the U.S. illegally.

Miranda began by apologizing for omitting any mention of Philadelphia or
Pennsylvania except for one "blink and you miss it" reference to the Liberty
Bell. He also apologized on the real Hamilton's behalf for the decision to move
the capital from Philadelphia, saying his character "traded Philly away in the
most significant back-room deal in American history."

Slipping into character for a minute, he said, "My bad, Philadelphia," but then
he suggested that the City of Brotherly Love was the real winner of the deal
rather than Washington, D.C., which he said is synonymous with "institutional
dysfunction, partisan infighting and political gridlock."

"You are known as the birthplace of Louisa May Alcott, Rocky Balboa, Boyz II
Men, Betsy Ross, Will Smith, Isaac Asimov, Tina Fey, cheesesteaks, and you can
have scrapple, soft pretzels and Wawa hoagies whenever you want. You win,
Philly," he said to cheers from the crowd. "You win every time."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 8:56 PM GMT

Wisconsin's Johnson says he wasn't making 9/11 comparison

BYLINE: By SCOTT BAUER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words

DATELINE: MADISON, Wis.


MADISON, Wis. (AP) - Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson is defending his discussion of
the vote taken by passengers aboard the hijacked United Flight 93 on 9/11 in the
context of the upcoming November election, calling those who have criticized him
over his remarks "political hacks."

Johnson, a Republican, is in a tough re-election campaign with Democrat Russ
Feingold. The seat is one of the most hotly contested in the country and could
determine which party controls the Senate.

At the Wisconsin Republican Party convention on Saturday, Johnson told the story
of how passengers on Flight 93 voted to rush the cockpit to confront the
hijackers, resulting in the plane plunging into a Pennsylvania field.

"The reason I like telling that story now as we head into the election season is
we all know what we need to do," Johnson said. "November 2016 we'll be taking a
vote. We'll be encouraging our fellow citizens to take a vote. Now, it may not
be life and death, like the vote passengers on United Flight 93 took, but boy is
it consequential."

Democrats pounced on the comments, with Feingold's campaign saying it's "beyond
bad taste for a sitting senator to compare a horrific national tragedy - one
that united all Americans - to his own partisan re-election." The Democratic
Senatorial Campaign Committee demanded that Johnson apologize.

Instead of apologizing, Johnson defended himself in a series of interviews on
Sunday and Monday.

He told 1380-AM in Janesville, Wisconsin, on Sunday that he "absolutely" was not
comparing his campaign with the heroics of the Flight 93 passengers. He called
that a "ridiculous charge" and said the Feingold campaign was making a
"political hack attack" with its criticism.

"I'm just comparing, basically, their actions they took in terms of heroism, and
I'm just trying to make sure that we all understand that what's at stake in this
election is very, very consequential," he said.

Feingold spokesman Michael Tyler responded Monday by saying, "We didn't write
Sen. Johnson's prepared remarks for his convention speech. But we do think they
were in poor taste."

Johnson also sought to explain his support of presumptive Republican
presidential nominee Donald Trump, saying he has not endorsed him. Earlier this
month, the Eau Claire Leader Telegram reported Johnson as saying, "I am going to
certainly endorse the Republican nominee, and obviously it looks like that will
be Mr. Trump."

"Let me tell you precisely what I've said," Johnson told 1380-AM on Sunday. "I
intend to support the Republican nominee. That's what I've said. I intend to
support the Republican nominee. ... To me, support versus endorse are two
totally different things."

Johnson also told the radio station that he could withdraw his support for Trump
at any point.

"Any individual that would be running for office, if they would say something
that crosses a line, and in the end is so significant, so major that you
couldn't support them, I'd have to withdraw support from any individual, OK?"
Johnson said.

___

Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sbauerAP and find more of
his work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/scott-bauer

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 6:38 PM GMT

Trump's questioning of the value of data worries Republicans

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 921 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


ATLANTA (AP) - Donald Trump says he plans to win the White House largely on the
strength of his personality, not by leaning heavily on complex voter data
operations that have become a behind-the-scenes staple in modern presidential
campaigns.

Shortly after Trump explained his approach in an Associated Press interview -
data is "overrated," he said - one of the presumptive Republican nominee's top
advisers tried to clarify the remarks. Rick Wiley told AP the Trump campaign
will indeed tap the Republican Party's massive cache of voter information.

The national Republican Party has spent massive sums of money to develop the
database since President Barack Obama's election set a new standard for using
data in national campaigns, from deciding where to send a candidate and how to
spend advertising dollars to making sure supporters cast a ballot.

The back-and-forth in the Trump camp leaves Republicans and Democrats alike
wondering just how committed the candidate actually is to what has become
accepted wisdom among political professionals. Some Republicans worry that Trump
risks ceding potential advantages to likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton
if he's not willing to invest the money required to keep updating the data, and
then use it effectively.

"It's a big risk," said Chris Wilson, who ran an expansive data operation for
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Trump's stiffest competition in the Republican primaries.
Jeremy Bird, who worked for President Barack Obama's data-rich campaign, said:
"Flying blind is nuts."

The use of data has evolved over the past several presidential campaigns into a
shorthand for using information - starting with simple lists of potential
voters, then mated with extensive details about their habits and beliefs - to
guide a campaign toward its ultimate goal: the 270 electoral votes needed to win
the White House.

In his AP interview, Trump discounted the value of data: The "candidate is by
far the most important thing," he said. He said he plans a "limited" use of data
in his general election campaign and suggested Obama's victories - universally
viewed by political professionals as groundbreaking in the way data steered the
campaign to voters - are misunderstood.

"Obama got the votes much more so than his data processing machine, and I think
the same is true with me," Trump said, explaining that he will continue to focus
on his signature rallies, free television exposure and his personal social media
accounts to win voters over.

Buzz Jacobs, who was on the losing end of Obama's success in 2008 as an aide to
GOP nominee John McCain, said Trump oversimplifies the president's victories.

"We lost in large part because Obama's ability to use data was so much better
than ours," Jacobs said.

According to South Carolina's Republican chairman, Matt Moore: "Elections to a
great degree are won on ... that last 1 or 2 percent that shows up or stays
home. That group on either edge turns out because of data and digital. That's a
known fact."

Republicans and Democrats with experience running campaigns question why Trump
would give up a chance to reinforce with data his ubiquitous presence on
television and inarguable success with large-scale rallies - a platform of
personality that Clinton has yet to match.

Bird, whose consulting firm now works for the Clinton campaign, said Trump is
giving himself a false choice.

"At a big picture level, sure, Barack Obama got the votes - his bio, his
policies, his ability to communicate," Bird said. "But we wanted to do
everything we could to get him and get his message to the right people."

Jacobs, who worked this year for a former Trump rival, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio,
said Trump is an outlier in being uninterested in data. The RNC and private
groups, such as the billionaire conservative activist brothers Charles and David
Koch, have spent hundreds of millions on their data programs since Obama's
election.

"It would be silly to leave those on the sidelines," Jacobs said.

To be sure, Trump has not wholly abandoned data. His campaign spending
disclosures show payments to multiple data firms, and the campaign maintains
contact information collected when voters register for tickets to his rallies.

Wiley, a recent addition to the Trump team who previously worked for the
national party, said he is "working with the RNC, putting together a
state-of-the-art program." He predicted it would be able to match what "Obama
was able to do in 2008."

But Trump's in-house data shop is thin, and the candidate has said that he does
not give priority to the ground game. Trump's most significant loss of the
primary season came in the leadoff Iowa caucuses, a victory for Cruz that was
largely credited to the Texas senator's sophisticated campaign effort to turn
out voters.

Wilson said he used the Cruz campaign's data to run nightly "models" leading up
to the caucuses, which predicted turnout and outcomes and allowed the campaign
to adjust its approach every day.

That means if Wiley and Trump's other campaign staffers are able to persuade him
to pay attention to the data, they'll also need to persuade him to raise and
spend the money to use it effectively in competitive states.

"He has to be convinced," South Carolina chairman Moore said. Then again, he
said, "We've all been wrong about Trump for pretty much this entire campaign."

___

Associated Press reporters Jill Colvin and Julie Pace in New York and Thomas
Beaumont in Des Moines, Iowa, contributed to this report.

___

Follow Bill Barrow on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 4:11 PM GMT

Jason Day starting to draw comparisons with Tiger Woods

BYLINE: By DOUG FERGUSON, AP Golf Writer

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla.


PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. (AP) - Nothing is good enough for Jason Day.

He won The Players Championship for his seventh victory in the last 10 months,
and all he could talk about was winning more. He is No. 1 in the world by an
increasingly large margin over Jordan Spieth, and his points average is the
highest of any player since Tiger Woods in the late summer of 2013.

Day wants to go higher.

"Keep pushing," he said Sunday after his four-shot victory. "Yeah, keep pushing,
because Tiger says he's going to kick my butt when he comes back, so I'm going
to try and extend that gap. So if he does come back and he's turned into Tiger
Woods again, I've got to watch my behind."

Woods hasn't played since August. He hasn't won in three years.

Part of his time appears to be spent on sending text messages to Day, who never
fails to mention how much he has leaned on his idol for advice on how to play,
how to think his way around the golf course, how to close out tournaments.

At the moment, Day looks like a suitable replacement.

His work ethic is fierce. He hits it long, straight and can hit a 3-iron higher
than the pine trees lining the fairways. His iron play is among the best. His
scrambling? He got up-and-down 85 percent of the time, the highest rate of
anyone at The Players Championship. And, for the most part, he felt as if he
could make anything with his putter.

"It's no coincidence he's No. 1 in the world," Justin Thomas said. "He drives it
extremely far, extremely straight. He hits it to the moon, so he can access pins
that most people can't. His short game is ridiculous. I think I've pretty much
covered it all there when it comes to the golf."

Adam Scott played with his fellow Australian during a practice round and saw him
oozing with confidence.

Scott knows that look.

When he was an amateur, Scott played a practice round with Woods in Las Vegas
before Woods went over to Pebble Beach for the 2000 U.S. Open, which he won by
15 shots. What always stood out about Woods is not that he won, and won big, but
that he did it for so long.

"I always try to explain how good you feel after one win," Scott said. "And I
try to imagine how good Tiger felt just playing five years into his pro career
having won like 50 events, and imagine how you'd feel confidencewise. And Jason
must be kind of feeling something like that at the moment. And that's an
incredibly nice way to walk out on the golf course. And you can see it with
Jason.

"You can see there's that calmness inside him - calm confidence - and the way
he's walking around. He's got that kind of unbeatable look about him."

He has looked that way ever since he left that birdie putt short on the 18th
green at St. Andrews that kept him out of the playoff at the British Open. Day
found something that week - a combination of desire and belief - and he has
parlayed that into a run Scott referred to as "Tigeresque."

He won the Canadian Open the following week. He set a major championship record
at 20-under par to win the PGA Championship. He won two FedEx Cup playoff
events, though that didn't trump all that Spieth did last year.

And after a slow start following a long winter's break, Day hit his stride with
a wire-to-wire victory in the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill, and he was
just as dominant the following week at the Dell Match Play. He won seven
matches, and only one of them reached the 18th hole at Austin Country Club.

And now this.

Day began his week by tying the course record with a 63 and breaking the 36-hole
record with 15-under 129. All that stopped him from more marks were greens that
got away from the PGA Tour, faster than anyone could recall. Day made two double
bogeys on the front nine, and both times answered with birdies.

He was on the ropes again Sunday - a bogey on No. 6, avoiding another bogey by
making a 15-foot putt on No. 7, and then taking three chips from 40 feet right
of the green on the par-5 ninth and having to make a 6-foot putt just to salvage
bogey.

Spieth tweeted Sunday night that Day's bogey putt was "possibly most underrated
shot of the day. Gathered emotions knocked it in and led to a clutch back nine.
Great win." Day agreed. Asked the most significant shot he hit Sunday, he didn't
hesitate to mention that putt.

"Probably the most crucial putt of this tournament for me," he said.

Day has won seven of his last 17 starts, and the confidence is growing. The
scary part for the rest of golf is that the celebration doesn't last long.

"This is great to be The Players champion," Day said. "But now once tonight is
done and tomorrow starts, it's another week. I have to get ready and prepare for
the next tournament coming up, because it's never enough. Winning is never
enough. And I've got to try and do it as much as I can before my time is over."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 3:04 PM GMT

Jolie 'disheartened' by US response to migrant crisis

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 211 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - Angelina Jolie says she is "very disheartened" by the U.S.
response to the global migration crisis, and fears countries will adopt
increasingly isolationist policies instead of acting together to tackle the
challenge.

The special envoy for the United Nations refugee agency said Monday that worries
about uncontrolled immigration has given a "false air of legitimacy to those who
promote politics of fear and separation."

"It has created the risk of a race to the bottom, with countries competing to be
the toughest," she said at a migration event sponsored by the BBC in London.

She said nations need to pull together to deal with the world's 60 million
displaced people by rebuilding a coordinated and orderly system for dealing with
refugees and migrants.

"I have been very, very disheartened by my own country's response to the
situation," Jolie said.

She referred to Republican presidential contender Donald Trump, who suggested a
temporary ban on all Muslims entering the U.S. in the wake of attacks by
extremists.

"To me, America is built on people from around the world coming together for
freedoms, and especially freedom of religion," she said. "And so it is hard to
hear that this is coming from someone who's pressing to be an American
president."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 2:23 PM GMT

Trump says he expects poor relationship with UK leader

BYLINE: By DANICA KIRKA, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump says he may have a poor
relationship with Prime Minister David Cameron in light of the British leader's
criticism of Trump's call for all Muslims to be temporarily banned from entering
the United States.

Trump's comments, broadcast Monday on ITV's "Good Morning Britain" made
headlines in Britain, which claims a "special relationship" with America.
Trump's suggestion of a temporary Muslim ban led to a petition signed by half a
million people demanding that Parliament hold a debate on whether he should be
banned from the country. Lawmakers held the debate, but rejected a ban.

"It looks like we are not going to have a very good relationship," Trump said in
the interview conducted in New York. "Who knows, I hope to have a good
relationship with him (Cameron) but he's not willing to address the problem
either."

Cameron has refused to retract comments describing Trump's proposed Muslim ban
as "divisive, stupid and wrong." But Cameron's spokesman, Dan York-Smith, told
reporters that the prime minister was "committed to maintaining the special
relationship" no matter who wins the presidential election.

"He has been clear that he will work with whoever is president of the United
States," York-Smith said.

In the interview conducted Saturday, Trump also describes London's new mayor,
Sadiq Khan, as "rude" for calling him ignorant. The real estate tycoon said he
would "remember" the mayor's hostile reaction to the idea that Khan, a Muslim,
would be given an exception to the temporary ban.

"He doesn't know me, hasn't met me, doesn't know what I'm all about. I think
they were very rude statements and, frankly, tell him I will remember those
statements," Trump said. "They are very nasty statements."

Trump denied he was "at war" with Khan.

"I just think it's very rude of him. In fact it's the opposite," he said. "I
wished him well when I heard he won, he's a Muslim, I think it's ignorant for
him to say that."

Khan's office said American voters would reject Trump's views.

"Sadiq has spent his whole life fighting extremism, but Trump's remarks make
that fight much harder for us all - it plays straight into the extremists' hands
and makes both our countries less safe," his office said in a statement.

When reminded Khan has described Trump as ignorant, Trump shook his head and
said: "Let's do an IQ test."

The mayor's office rejected the idea, saying "ignorance is not the same thing as
lack of intelligence."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 2:08 PM GMT

Trump talks to Megyn Kelly about bullying

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 252 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Months after he savaged her on Twitter and elsewhere, Donald
Trump tells Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly that people who are bullied "gotta get
over it" and fight back.

In an excerpt of the interview, which will be on the Fox network Tuesday night,
Trump says he's a counterpuncher who goes after people when they go after him,
only 10 times harder.

Asked if he was ever bullied, the Republican presidential candidate said no. But
he said bullying doesn't just happen to children. "People are bullied when
they're 55," he said.

Kelly responded pointedly, with a smile: "Can happen when you're 45." She is 45.

"You know, it happens, right?" Trump went on, as if he didn't hear her. "But you
gotta get over it. Fight back, do whatever you have to do."

Trump took offense when Kelly confronted him in the first primary debate about
crude remarks he'd made about women. He later suggested her menstrual cycle was
behind her aggressive tone, called her "third-rate" and boycotted one of the
debates at which she was a moderator, as his feud with Fox News escalated.

In the released excerpt, the two did not directly discuss his criticisms of her.
She told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday the tone of the interview was
cordial, with tense moments, and predicted viewers "will be feeling a little
uncomfortable."

Kelly said she asked for the interview because she wanted to get her
interactions with Trump on a professional footing. "You don't want to be the
story," she said. "You want to cover the story."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 1:20 PM GMT

Campaign data: What it means, how it's used to win elections

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 693 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


ATLANTA (AP) - Since President Barack Obama first won the White House in 2008,
political professionals of all ideologies have accepted as truth the importance
of using data to win elections.

But presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has expressed
doubts about that wisdom, saying he'll use data in a "limited" way in the
general election. He argues it's his personality that will carry the day.

Here's a look at data in the context of political campaigns.

WHAT IS IT?

Generally speaking, "data and digital" information is used by campaigns to shape
strategy and tactics, including early voting and Election Day voter-turnout
efforts. It can tap detailed information about individual voters.

Campaigns use the information and their analysis of it to make decisions. Among
them: When and where the candidate should campaign? How should advertising
dollars be spent? On which television stations (and even which shows) should ads
be placed? Which households should get a piece of direct mail? Which should get
extra in-person visits from campaign volunteers?

___

WHO'S DOING THE WORK?

It's a big business. Both the Republican National Committee and the Democratic
National Committee have spent millions to develop extensive databases of
essentially every American voter.

The conservative activist brothers Charles and David Koch have invested their
own money in a similar program. And there is an endless list of political
consulting firms that help develop and analyze data for parties and campaigns.

___

WHAT'S INCLUDED?

Databases start with public records: voter rolls, including voters'
participation history and, in states where the information is available, their
party registration and race. Census information and other records help identify
potential voters who are not yet registered. Also included: a voter's publicly
available social media profile.

A typical database has data about consumer habits, the same kind of information
that businesses use in marketing.

Campaigns don't necessarily know what a voter bought last week on Amazon, but
they almost certainly know what magazines or newspaper a voter reads and might
track what a voter says on Twitter during a presidential primary debate.

Every voter in the database is "scored" - or given a numerical assessment that
aims to predict how likely he or she is to support a given candidate, party or
cause.

___

WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?

That baseline data doesn't do much by itself. The value comes in how the
analysis of the information guides campaigns to act.

For example, campaign staff and volunteers will make individual contact with
voters already identified as likely or possible supporters. They'll record what
voters say about candidates, issues and their intentions at the ballot box.

Voter scores are then updated, and additional outreach is planned based on that
new set of information.

The DNC's database contains what individual voters told canvassers in past
elections, and the RNC recently updated its database with individual voter
opinions - even from Democratic voters - about Obama's nomination of federal
appeals court Judge Merrick Garland to serve on the Supreme Court.

Campaigns also have other ways to supplement the data. For example, Ted Cruz's
GOP primary campaign developed a mobile phone app that collected detailed data
from every user who registered to use it.

___

THE BOTTOM LINE

The best information is when a voter commits to vote for a specific candidate
or, in the case of early voting, confirms he or she has already voted. This and
the other information gathered are used by campaigns to "model" - or predict -
election results.

In 2008 and 2012, Obama's campaign ran daily models in the months leading to
Election Day, with early voting totals added during the final weeks. In 2008,
Obama aides said they were not surprised by his victories in GOP-leaning Indiana
and North Carolina.

Similarly, Cruz aides said they were not surprised by his victory in this year's
Iowa caucuses, despite late polls finding Trump in the lead.

In both cases, the campaigns said, their data operations predicted those
results.

___

Follow Bill Barrow on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sidebar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 10:59 AM GMT

Jennifer Lawrence has some unkind words for Donald Trump

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 115 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - It appears we know who Jennifer Lawrence won't be voting for this
fall.

During a Friday appearance on the BBC's "Graham Norton Show," the 25-year-old
Academy Award-winning actress said she was at a concert where she heard Donald
Trump was in attendance.

She says she was "adamant" about finding Trump so she could make a video of
herself shouting an expletive and making an obscene gesture at him. She says she
thinks the likely Republican presidential nominee knew she was looking for him.

Trump came up in conversation after fellow guest Johnny Depp offered up a Trump
impersonation . Depp played the New York billionaire in a recent online film for
comedy website, Funny or Die.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 9:59 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Today

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 372 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about today:

1. DEMOCRATS: BENGHAZI CHAIR IGNORES GOP LAWYER STATEMENT

Democrats on the House Benghazi panel insist that the military did what it could
in response to the deadly twin attacks on Sept. 11, 2012, in Libya, highlighting
comments from the panel's former Republican chief counsel.

2. CULTURE CLASHES MAKE CHINA FIRMS TOUGH FOES

Chinese companies operating in the U.S. are increasingly invoking "sovereign
immunity" to fend off charges of contract violations and other wrongdoing.

3. OKLAHOMA CHANGES TUNE ON 'OBAMACARE'

Many Republican leaders in this conservative state embrace a plan to expand
Medicaid as they face a $1.3 billion budget hole and warnings of irreversible
damage to the state's health care system.

4. WHAT OBAMA IS SAYING ABOUT TRUMP'S VISION

The president casts the likely GOP nominee's positions on immigration, trade and
Muslims as part of an ignorance-and-isolation philosophy that will lead the U.S.
down the path of decline.

5. CHINA MUM ON START OF CULTURAL REVOLUTION 50 YEARS AGO

A decade of tumult launched by Mao Zedong to revive communist goals and enforce
a radical egalitarianism is largely ignored in the Chinese media, reflecting
continuing sensitivities about the period.

6. CITIZEN-SCIENTISTS: UNCLE SAM WANTS YOU TO FIGHT ZIKA!

The Department of Agriculture says high school students can do the work using
plastic cups and brown paper towels, mapping hotspots for mosquito controllers.

7. BID TO RAISE CALIFORNIA TOBACCO TAX NEARS BALLOT

A campaign whose backers include a billionaire environmentalist, medical groups
and organized labor want to raise the cigarette tax in the state by $2 per pack.

8. COLLEGES ANNOUNCED FOR PELL 'DUAL ENROLLMENT' PROGRAM

Thousands of low-income students in nearly two-dozen states will soon be able
get federal grants to take college courses while still in high school.

9. WHO '60 MINUTES' BID ADIEU

Morley Safer, 84, who has been a fixture at the CBS newsmagazine for all but two
of its 48 years, retires.

10. RAPTORS PARTY LIKE IT'S 1995

It took 21 years, but Kyle Lowry and the Toronto Raptors have advanced to their
first Eastern Conference final where they will face Cleveland.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 7:48 AM GMT

Obama casts Trump philosophy as one of ignorance, isolation

BYLINE: By JOSH LEDERMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - President Barack Obama cast Donald Trump's positions on
immigration, trade and Muslims as part of an ignorance-and-isolation philosophy
that the president says will lead the U.S. down the path of decline.

Obama used his commencement speech Sunday at Rutgers University to tear into the
presumptive Republican nominee, without ever mentioning his name. Time and again
the president invoked specific Trump policies to denounce a rejection of facts,
science and intellectualism that he said was pervading politics.

"In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue," Obama told some 12,000
graduates at the public university in New Jersey. "It's not cool to not know
what you're talking about. That's not keeping it real or telling it like it is.
That's not challenging political correctness. That's just not knowing what
you're talking about," the president said.

"And yet, we've become confused about this," he added.

Obama's rebuke came as Trump closes in on clinching the GOP nomination, raising
the prospect that November's election could portend a reversal of Obama's
policies and approach to governing. In recent days, Trump has started focusing
on the general election while working to unite a fractured Republican Party
around his candidacy. Democrats are readying for a fight against a reality TV
host they never anticipated would make it this far.

Obama has mostly steered clear of the race as Democrats Hillary Clinton and
Bernie Sanders compete into the summer for the nomination. But in speeches like
this one, he has laid out themes that Democrats are certain to use as they work
to deny Trump the White House. He's urged journalists to scrutinize Trump's
vague policy prescriptions and not to emphasize what he calls "the spectacle and
the circus."

Trump has barreled his way toward the nomination by emphasizing the profound
concerns of Americans who have felt left behind by the modern, global economy,
summed up in his ubiquitous campaign slogan of "Make America great again." He's
called for keeping Muslim immigrants out of the U.S., gutting Obama's trade
deals with Asia and Europe, and cracking down on immigrants in the U.S.
illegally.

In his speech, Obama told graduates that when they hear people wax nostalgic
about the "good old days" in America, they should "take it with a grain of
salt."

"Guess what? It ain't so," the president said, rattling off a list of measures
by which life is better in the U.S. than in decades past.

Yet Obama cautioned that both Democrats and Republicans were responsible for
over-magnifying the country's problems. And he appeared to push back gently on
Sanders, whose rallies are packed with young Americans cheering the candidate's
calls to uproot an economic system he says is rigged in favor of the extremely
rich.

"The system isn't as rigged as you think," Obama said.

Looking out at a sea of red and black gowns at High Point Solution Stadium,
Obama said the pace of change on the planet is accelerating, not subsiding. He
said recent history had proved that the toughest challenges cannot be solved in
isolation.

"A wall won't stop that," Obama said, bringing to mind Trump's call for building
a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico. "The point is, to help ourselves,
we've got to help others - not pull up the drawbridge and try to keep the world
out."

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who ran against Trump for the GOP nomination and
has since become one of his most vocal surrogates, didn't attend the president's
speech at Rutgers. Instead, he spent the day at nearby Princeton University for
his son's baseball game - the Ivy League championship.

The president, who returned to Washington after his speech, will deliver a final
commencement address on June 1 at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado
Springs, Colorado. Earlier in May, Obama echoed similar themes about progress in
the U.S. when he spoke at historically black Howard University in Washington.

___

Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 173 words


"I think I'm running on common sense. I think I'm running on what's right. I
don't think in terms of labels." - Donald Trump in a recent interview with The
Associated Press on how some of his policy ideas, such as trade and national
defense, run counter to the Republican Party.

___

"We need a president who will work every single day to make life better for
American families. We want somebody who can protect us and work with the rest of
the world. Not talk about building walls, but building bridges." - Hillary
Clinton, firing a verbal shot at Donald Trump at a union training center in
Louisville as Kentuckians get ready to vote in Tuesday's primary.

___

"It is outrageous this situation arose and a full inquiry is required to
urgently find out how this happened, why it happened and who will be held
accountable." - Tony Lloyd, Greater Manchester's mayor as well as the district's
police and crime commissioner, after a fake bomb left behind during a security
exercise led police to evacuate Manchester United's home stadium in England.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2021 words


Post impeachment, Brazil's road ahead filled with challenges

SAO PAULO (AP) - To say that Michel Temer faces huge challenges would be an
understatement.

Brazil's 75-year-old acting president must fight the Zika virus, which can cause
birth defects and has ravaged thousands of families in poor northeastern states.
He must rescue Latin America's largest economy from its worst recession since
the 1930s, most likely by making painful - and protest-invoking - cuts to the
pension system and social welfare spending.

He must win back the trust of a populace that has come to believe virtually all
politicians, including him, are lining their pockets with taxpayer money.

And he must begin these gargantuan tasks with the Summer Olympics just months
away and while his predecessor and former-ally-turned enemy, Dilma Rousseff, is
living in the presidential residence and rallying supporters around assertions
she was the victim of a coup led by Temer.

"This is going to be a real mess. The combination of all these factors at once
is unbelievable," said Alexandre Barros, a Brasilia-based consultant. "Everybody
is unhappy with the situation but nobody knows what to do."

___

On more than one issue, GOP's Trump sounds like a Democrat

NEW YORK (AP) - As he tries to charm Republicans still skeptical of his
presidential candidacy, Donald Trump has a challenge: On several key issues, he
sounds an awful lot like a Democrat.

And on some points of policy, such as trade and national defense, the
billionaire businessman could even find himself running to the left of Hillary
Clinton, his likely Democratic rival in the general election.

Trump is a classic Republican in many ways. He rails against environmental and
corporate regulations, proposes dramatically lower tax rates and holds firm on
opposing abortion rights. But the presumptive GOP nominee doesn't fit neatly
into a traditional ideological box.

"I think I'm running on common sense," he said in a recent interview with The
Associated Press. "I think I'm running on what's right. I don't think in terms
of labels."

Perhaps Trump's clearest break with Republican orthodoxy is on trade, which the
party's 2012 platform said was "crucial for our economy" and a path to "more
American jobs, higher wages, and a better standard of living."

___

10 Things to Know for Monday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Monday:

1. US ENVOY: ISLAMIC STATE LOSING GROUND

The militant extremist group has suffered recent military setbacks and lost
territory in both Iraq and Syria, says Brett McGurk, presidential adviser for
the anti-ISIS coalition.

2. WHERE TRUMP'S PLANS RUN AFOUL OF GOP

Unlike most leaders in his party, the presumptive Republican nominee opposes any
changes to Social Security and says he is open to the idea of a higher minimum
wage.

___

Clinton campaigns in Kentucky before Tuesday's primary

LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Hillary Clinton is making a big final push in Kentucky,
where rival Bernie Sanders hopes to extend his winning streak and further delay
her clinching the Democratic presidential nomination.

Big-name surrogates have been sent, television ads are playing and Clinton is
touring the state in advance of Tuesday's voting. On Sunday, the former
secretary of state dropped in at Louisville churches and held rallies in
Louisville and Fort Mitchell. Sanders on Sunday made a swing through Kentucky as
well.

"We need a president who will work every single day to make life better for
American families," Clinton said at a union training center in Louisville. "We
want somebody who can protect us and work with the rest of the world. Not talk
about building walls, but building bridges."

While Clinton leads Sanders by nearly 300 pledged delegates going into Tuesday's
primaries in Kentucky and Oregon, the Vermont senator continues to win contests
and has pledged to stay in the race until the July convention. With Donald Trump
set as the presumptive Republican nominee, Clinton's team would like to turn
their attention to the general election contest, but they still can't fully make
that shift.

A win in at least one of the two upcoming contests would give Clinton momentum
heading into the primaries in California and New Jersey in early June. Oregon is
favorable terrain for Sanders, but Clinton's campaign thinks the race is
competitive in Kentucky, where she planned to spend Sunday and Monday courting
voters.

___

Will robot cars drive traffic congestion off a cliff?

WASHINGTON (AP) - Self-driving cars are expected to usher in a new era of
mobility, safety and convenience. The problem, say transportation researchers,
is that people will use them too much.

Experts foresee robot cars chauffeuring children to school, dance class and
baseball practice. The disabled and elderly will have new mobility. Commuters
will be able to work, sleep, eat or watch movies on the way to the office.
People may stay home more because they can send their cars to do things like
pick up groceries they've ordered online.

Researchers believe the number of miles driven will skyrocket. It's less certain
whether that will mean a corresponding surge in traffic congestion, but it's a
clear possibility.

Gary Silberg, an auto industry expert at accounting firm KPMG, compares it to
the introduction of smartphones. "It will be indispensable to your life," he
said. "It will be all sorts of things we can't even think of today."

Cars that can drive themselves under limited conditions are expected to be
available within five to 10 years. Versions able to navigate under most
conditions may take 10 to 20 years.

___

Police: Fake bomb at Man United left from training exercise

MANCHESTER, England (AP) - A fake bomb left behind during a security exercise
led police to evacuate Manchester United's home stadium on Sunday, disrupting
the final day of the English Premier League season and bringing embarrassment to
one of the world's best-known sports teams.

Police initially described the device as "incredibly lifelike" as United's
planned match with Bournemouth was cancelled, to boos from some fans, and a
controlled explosion was carried out.

But hours later, bomb technicians reported it was a fake. And a later statement
by police said the device had been inadvertently left in a toilet during an
earlier training exercise involving sniffer dogs.

The series of events Sunday came amid tightened security at Premier League
stadiums following last year's Paris attacks that targeted the Stade de France
sports stadium as well as cafes, bars and a concert hall. It also followed the
British government's announcement Wednesday that it was raising the nation's
threat level due to intelligence indicating the "strong possibility" of attacks
in Britain by factions of the outlawed Irish Republican Army.

The Premier League has rescheduled the match for Tuesday. United said it was
investigating the incident.

___

Rebuking Trump, Obama tells graduates walls won't solve ills

PISCATAWAY, N.J. (AP) - President Barack Obama on Sunday urged college graduates
to shun those who want to confront a rapidly changing world by building walls
around the United States or by embracing ignorance, as he delivered a sharp and
barely concealed critique of Donald Trump.

Obama used his commencement speech at Rutgers University to illustrate a world
view antithetical to the ideas espoused by the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee. Looking out at a sea of red and black gowns, Obama told
the roughly 12,000 graduating students that the pace of change on the planet is
accelerating, not subsiding, and that recent history had proved that the
toughest challenges cannot be solved in isolation.

"A wall won't stop that," Obama said, bringing to mind Trump's call for building
a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico. "The point is, to help ourselves,
we've got to help others - not pull up the drawbridge and try to keep the world
out."

The president never mentioned Trump by name, but his intended target seemed
clear. Repeatedly, Obama referred to disparaging comments about Muslims and
immigrants, and opposition to free trade deals. But he appeared most incensed by
what he described as a rejection of facts, science and intellectualism that he
said was pervading politics.

"In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue," Obama said. "It's not cool
to not know what you're talking about. That's not keeping it real or telling it
like it is. That's not challenging political correctness. That's just not
knowing what you're talking about," the president said.

___

IS attack and bombings leave 29 dead across Iraq

BAGHDAD (AP) - The Islamic State group launched a coordinated assault Sunday on
a natural gas plant north of Baghdad that killed at least 14 people, while a
string of other bomb attacks in or close to the capital killed 15 others, Iraqi
officials said.

The dawn attack on the gas plant began with a suicide car bombing at the
facility's main gate in the town of Taji, about 20 kilometers (12 miles) north
of Baghdad. Several suicide bombers and militants then broke into the plant and
clashed with security forces. The dead included six civilians and eight security
forces; 27 troops were wounded.

The IS-affiliated Aamaq news agency credited a group of "caliphate soldiers" for
the attack.

Closed-circuit television images showed as an explosion hit inside the facility.
As flames engulfed the facility and nearby palm trees, pedestrians were seen
running for cover. A crowd gathered to watch as thick black smoke rose above the
plant, sections of which were left in ruins. The top of one of the
gas-processing units was blown off.

In a statement, Deputy Oil Minister Hamid Younis said firefighters managed to
control and extinguish the fire. He said technicians were examining the damage.
Hours after the attack, passers-by inspecting the damage posed for cell phone
photos in front of the ruined complex.

___

US envoy in anti-IS battle: 'perverse caliphate' shrinking

AMMAN, Jordan (AP) - The Obama administration's diplomatic point man in the
fight against the Islamic State group said Sunday that the extremists have been
losing control over territory and that "this perverse caliphate is shrinking."

Brett McGurk, presidential envoy to a 66-member anti-IS coalition, also told a
news conference that the tide has turned in the ideological battle against the
extremists.

He described a round-the-clock anti-IS propaganda campaign involving companies
such as Facebook and YouTube and the governments of Jordan, Malaysia and the
United Arab Emirates.

"For every pro-Daesh Twitter handle, there are now six calling out its lies and
countering its message," McGurk said, referring to IS by its Arabic acronym.

U.S. officials said earlier this year that the military had ramped up cyber
operations against the group.

___

Nostalgia for Mao 50 years after China's Cultural Revolution

LUOYANG, China (AP) - Fifty years after Mao Zedong unleashed the decade-long
Cultural Revolution to reassert his authority and revive his radical communist
agenda, the spirit of modern China's founder still exerts a powerful pull.

Millions of people were persecuted, publicly humiliated, beaten or killed during
the upheaval, as zealous factionalism metastasized countrywide, tearing apart
Chinese society at a most basic level.

Student groups tortured their own teachers, and children were made to watch mobs
beat their own parents condemned as counter-revolutionaries. Gangs engaging in
"armed struggle" killed at least a half million people while countless more
committed suicide, unable to cope with relentless persecution.

It was only in 1981 - five years after Mao's death - that China's government
officially pronounced the Cultural Revolution "a catastrophe."

But in the ancient city of Luoyang, the old, the poor and the marginalized
gather daily in the main public square to profess nostalgia for the political
movement, downplaying that period's violent excesses. In the marble halls of
power in Beijing, Cultural Revolution-era song-and-dance performances are being
revived. China's liberals see ominous signs of a society tugged backward by
ideological currents.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 2:37 AM GMT

Trump, Biden at Penn graduation as parent, grandparent

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 130 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Both Donald Trump and Joe Biden have attended a graduation
ceremony at the University of Pennsylvania, but not on the stage as politicians
- they were in the audience as parent and grandparent.

The Republican presidential candidate's daughter Tiffany Trump and the vice
president's granddaughter Naomi Biden were among the 1,500 students who
graduated Sunday evening from the School of Arts and Sciences. Donald Trump
graduated from Penn's Wharton School of Business in 1968.

Biden was seen embracing his granddaughter at the ceremony. He was accompanied
by his wife, Jill Biden.

Trump was accompanied by his wife, Melania Trump, and his former wife, Marla
Maples.

Trump and Biden aren't expected to attend Monday's main graduation ceremony for
the Ivy League school.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 1:54 AM GMT

Security concerns end Nevada Democrats' convention

BYLINE: By MICHELLE RINDELS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Nevada Democratic Convention turned into an unruly and
unpredictable event, after tension with organizers led to some Bernie Sanders
supporters throwing chairs and to security clearing the room, organizers said.

Friction between Bernie Sanders' supporters and state Democratic Party leaders
had flared throughout the day on Saturday. The convention was scheduled to end
by 7 p.m. and when it hadn't wrapped up by 10 p.m., authorities at the Paris Las
Vegas casino informed party organizers they could no longer provide the security
necessary to handle the crowd.

Sanders national communications director Michael Briggs didn't have immediate
comment on the events in Nevada when reached by phone on Sunday morning.

The hostilities began when Sanders supporters accused state party leaders of
putting them at a disadvantage, and they objected to procedural votes to approve
the rules of the event on Saturday. They also questioned a credentials
committee's disqualification of 58 would-be Sanders delegates. State party
officials said the would-be delegates didn't provide acceptable identification
and did not meet the May 1 deadline to register as Democrats.

State party officials said some Clinton-supporting delegates were ruled
ineligible too, although in lower numbers.

Clinton has a five-delegate advantage over Sanders in Nevada, 20 to his 15, and
is expected to win a majority of the state's eight unpledged superdelegates -
party officials who can vote for the candidate they choose. Going into Tuesday's
primaries in Kentucky and Oregon, Clinton has 1,716 pledged delegates from
primaries and caucuses, compared with 1,433 for Sanders.

Some Sanders supporters upset with Saturday's proceedings protested against
state party chairwoman, Roberta Lange, outside the Nevada State Democratic Party
headquarters on Sunday. Her cellphone number was posted on social media and
officials said Lange had received hundreds of phone calls and text messages,
including death threats.

Sanders tried to tamp down the tensions roiling even before the convention. He
issued a statement on Friday, reminding supporters that all Democrats shared the
common goals of defeating Donald Trump and electing Democrats to office.

"Working together respectfully and constructively on Saturday at the Nevada
Democratic convention will move us closer to those essential goals," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 1:29 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Monday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 4FB2BF9C196D499E89F534846A2D3C05

LENGTH: 352 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Monday:

1. US ENVOY: ISLAMIC STATE LOSING GROUND

The militant extremist group has suffered recent military setbacks and lost
territory in both Iraq and Syria, says Brett McGurk, presidential adviser for
the anti-ISIS coalition.

2. WHERE TRUMP'S PLANS RUN AFOUL OF GOP

Unlike most leaders in his party, the presumptive Republican nominee opposes any
changes to Social Security and says he is open to the idea of a higher minimum
wage.

3. WHAT CHALLENGES CONFRONT BRAZIL'S ACTING PRESIDENT

Michel Temer, who leads the South American country in the wake of Dilma
Rousseff's impeachment, must deal with an ongoing economic recession, the Zika
virus, a distrustful populace and the upcoming Rio Summer Olympics.

4. HOW 'ROBOT CARS' COULD LEAD TO MORE GRIDLOCK

Self-driving cars, which could be motoring on more American streets within a
decade, may prove so convenient that their use might soar and cause more traffic
jams.

5. WHY MANCHESTER UNITED CANCELS FINAL HOME GAME

An "incredibly lifelike" but fake bomb forced police to evacuate Old Trafford
stadium on the final day of the English Premier League soccer season.

6. WEBSITE HELPS GERMANS AND REFUGEES MEET, TALK

The site is designed to cultivate better understanding with local Germans and
some of the 1.1 million migrants who the country took in from Syria, Afghanistan
and elsewhere in 2015.

7. ALBERTA OFFERS APP TO VIEW FIRE DAMAGE

The app uses updated satellite images to let displaced residents view their
homes and property in the oil town of Fort McMurray, following a wildfire that
destroyed 2,400 structures.

8. STONEWALL INN AREA SET TO BECOME GAY RIGHTS MONUMENT

The NYC tavern was the site of a 1969 uprising that is widely viewed as the
start of the modern-day gay rights movement.

9. 'CASABLANCA' ACTRESS DIES AT 92

Madeleine LeBeau was just 19 when she passionately sang "La Marseillaise" at a
pivotal moment in the classic 1942 film.

10. RAPTORS ADVANCE TO NBA EASTERN CONFERENCE FINAL

Toronto punched its ticket by defeating Miami 116-89 in Game 7 of the
semifinals.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 16, 2016 Monday 12:01 AM GMT

Clinton campaigns in Kentucky before Tuesday's primary

BYLINE: By CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 898 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE, Ky.


LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Hillary Clinton is making a big final push in Kentucky,
where rival Bernie Sanders hopes to extend his winning streak and further delay
her clinching the Democratic presidential nomination.

Big-name surrogates have been sent, television ads are playing and Clinton is
touring the state in advance of Tuesday's voting. On Sunday, the former
secretary of state dropped in at Louisville churches and held rallies in
Louisville and Fort Mitchell. Sanders on Sunday made a swing through Kentucky as
well.

"We need a president who will work every single day to make life better for
American families," Clinton said at a union training center in Louisville. "We
want somebody who can protect us and work with the rest of the world. Not talk
about building walls, but building bridges."

While Clinton leads Sanders by nearly 300 pledged delegates going into Tuesday's
primaries in Kentucky and Oregon, the Vermont senator continues to win contests
and has pledged to stay in the race until the July convention. With Donald Trump
set as the presumptive Republican nominee, Clinton's team would like to turn
their attention to the general election contest, but they still can't fully make
that shift.

A win in at least one of the two upcoming contests would give Clinton momentum
heading into the primaries in California and New Jersey in early June. Oregon is
favorable terrain for Sanders, but Clinton's campaign thinks the race is
competitive in Kentucky, where she planned to spend Sunday and Monday courting
voters.

"It will be close, but either way, as with all the contests this month, we will
gain additional delegates and move that much closer to clinching the
nomination," Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in an email.

Clinton easily won the Kentucky primary over President Barack Obama in 2008. But
this time she has come under criticism in parts of the state after saying in
March that "we're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of
business." Clinton later said she misspoke, but the comment has drawn fire in
mining communities.

On Sunday in Louisville and in Fort Mitchell, Clinton touted her plan for coal
country. Her proposals include protecting miners' health care coverage and
retirement programs, investing in infrastructure in mining communities and
repurposing mines. Before a cheering crowd in a Fort Mitchell backyard, Clinton
pledged to put husband Bill Clinton - who won the state in 1992 and 1996 -"in
charge of revitalizing the economy." She provided no further details, but during
Bill Clinton's administration, economic growth averaged 4 percent per year,
median family income rose and the budget deficit was turned into a surplus.

Clinton said that when people feel left behind, they "become very interested in
easy answers and the kind of demagoguery we've seen in this election."

Clinton only briefly mentioned Sanders at both events, repeating a critique that
he did not vote to fund the auto industry bailout. Sanders has accused Clinton
of mischaracterizing his record on the issue.

Clinton focused most of her fire on Trump, calling him a "loose cannon." She
said his record will "be a big part of the general election, because Americans,
regardless of our political affiliation have to really take this vote
seriously."

High-profile advocates campaigning for Clinton in Kentucky include Virginia Sen.
Tim Kaine, former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell and Reps. James Clyburn of South
Carolina, G.K. Butterfield of North Carolina, Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas and
Hakeem Jeffries and Joe Crowley of New York.

Clinton is spending about $325,000 on Kentucky ads. Sanders, after seeing her
reserve airtime, followed with $126,000 in ads, according to advertising tracker
Kantar Media's CMAG.

Going into Tuesday, Clinton has 1,716 pledged delegates from primaries and
caucuses, compared with 1,433 for Sanders. When you add superdelegates, or party
officials who can back any candidate, Clinton holds a much wider lead. She
remains on track to reach the 2,383 needed to win the nomination by early next
month.

Clinton and her supporters have avoided calling on Sanders to drop out of the
race. But they worry that Sanders could damage her chances by staying put. The
Vermont senator's economic hits on Clinton could benefit Trump, as he seeks to
appeal to independent voters. In addition, Clinton cannot start wooing Sanders
supporters until he is out of the way and she must continue campaigning in
primary states, rather than general election battlegrounds.

A Trump adviser told CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday that the campaign was
hoping to appeal to Sanders supporters in the general election.

"You see Democrat support for Bernie Sanders that is potential Trump support,
when it's indicated that they will never vote for Hillary Clinton, and when you
analyze who those people are that are saying it, they're the very demographic
that Trump is appealing to in independents and crossover Democrats," Paul
Manafort said.

In the audience for Clinton at the Louisville rally Sunday was local resident
Nancy Hatcher, 69, who said she liked Clinton's experience, though said she
wasn't sure if she could win in Kentucky.

"I don't know," she said. "There's a lot of people that are in love with Bernie
Sanders, but I don't think he is electable and she is."

___

Associated Press writer Julie Bykowicz in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 11:29 PM GMT

Adelson implores Republican Jewish leaders to support Trump

BYLINE: By JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Billionaire casino executive Sheldon Adelson is already at
work on behalf of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

"I'm asking for your support" for Trump, Adelson wrote in an email Monday to
more than 50 Republican Jewish leaders. Adelson told them he had met with Trump
recently and is "specifically convinced he will be a tremendous president when
it comes to the safety and security of Israel."

Trump has work to do in winning over the Republican Jewish Coalition, which
includes many top party fundraisers - and Adelson's note may help smooth the
way. He's a major funder of the group and an influential part of its board of
directors.

Most RJC members backed other Republican candidates over Trump in the primary
contest, and some have been put off by Trump's divisive comments and ideas, such
as temporarily banning all Muslims from entering the country.

"Like many of you, I do not agree with him on every issue," Adelson wrote in the
email, obtained by The Associated Press. "However, I will not sit idly by and
let Hillary Clinton become the next president. The consequences to our country,
and Israel, are far too great to take that risk."

Adelson was the top donor of the 2012 presidential race, with his family putting
almost $90 million into it, and he has signaled he is willing to be a financial
driver again.

Earlier in the race, Trump dismissed GOP rival Marco Rubio as striving to be "a
perfect little puppet" of Adelson, who in addition to supporting Israel wants to
ban internet gambling. Trump, at the time, brushed off Adelson and other donors,
saying he doesn't need them because he is a billionaire himself.

More recently, as Trump begins to assemble a fundraising team and seek big
donations, he has been more complimentary.

"An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I have such
tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!" Trump wrote on Twitter last week
after Adelson wrote an endorsement editorial in The Washington Post.

Adelson attached that editorial in his email to the RJC board of directors.

The board includes both passionate Trump backers and those who say they will
never warm to him. Paul Singer, a New York hedge fund billionaire, recently said
he does not believe that either Trump or Clinton is a good pick for the White
House.

Ari Fleischer, another board member and former press secretary to President
George W. Bush, said the RJC is in about the same spot as the broader Republican
Party.

"The reality of the choice is sinking in, and most people are more and more
comfortable with supporting Donald Trump," he said. "Throughout the party,
including the RJC, people are coming around, although there are always going to
be some objectors."

The encouragement of Adelson and other endorsers, Fleischer said, may help
"concentrate even more minds."

___

Follow Julie Bykowicz on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/bykowicz

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 11:18 PM GMT

Trump files new financial report, saying business is strong

BYLINE: By JEFF HORWITZ and CHAD DAY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has filed new
financial documents describing his personal wealth - and he isn't waiting until
they're public to say they're good.

Trump announced late Tuesday he had submitted his candidate financial disclosure
form to the Federal Election Commission. He said it showed "a tremendous cash
flow" and growing revenues from his businesses.

The form - which will be publicly available after an initial review by the
government - should offer updated information about the value of his assets and
the revenues produced by his businesses. According to Trump, over the last 17
months his businesses' revenues grew by $190 million, and he earned $557 million
in income.

Trump said last July in a note accompanying a previous disclosure that he was
worth more than $10 billion, an assertion he also made Tuesday. Also last year,
he reported that a large amount of his valuation came from the $3.3 billion in
estimated worth he placed on his personal brand. Last July, Forbes magazine
deflated that valuation, saying Trump's brand was likely worth about $125
million.

In Tuesday's release, Trump also said his ability to accumulate wealth
demonstrates what he described as "the kind of thinking the country needs."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 10:57 PM GMT

Trump University lawsuit headed to New York's highest court

BYLINE: By MICHAEL VIRTANEN, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, N.Y.


ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump
probably won't have to defend himself against a civil fraud lawsuit linked to
his failed real estate school until after the election.

The state's highest court is expected to decide next year whether to dismiss a
fraud lawsuit by the state's Democratic attorney general seeking more than $40
million in restitution for thousands of Trump University students plus
penalties.

In March, the midlevel Appellate Division rejected Trump's request to dismiss
the 2013 lawsuit. That court on Tuesday granted The Trump Entrepreneur
Initiative's request to file a further appeal. That normally means arguments and
a ruling at the Court of Appeals in a year.

The midlevel court also had denied Attorney General Eric Schneiderman's request
for an immediate judgment, saying issues of fact need to be determined at trial.

Schneiderman alleges Trump University was unlicensed and promised lessons with
real estate experts hand-picked by Trump but didn't deliver. The university
changed its name before closing in 2010.

Trump, a billionaire New York real estate mogul and former reality television
show star, has denied any wrongdoing.

Trump attorney Alan Garten said Tuesday that they're pleased to have the
opportunity to pursue the case and that one prominent issue is whether the
applicable statute of limitations is three years for claims, as they maintain,
or six years.

"It would have an effect on how many potential people would be involved in the
claims," he said.

Schneiderman said he's confident the top court will reject most of Trump's
claims.

"It's no surprise that Donald Trump is using every legal option to avoid
standing trial for operating a sham for-profit university," he said.

Schneiderman's office filed the lawsuit in August 2013. It had received
complaints that prompted an investigation beginning in 2011.

The attorney general said that many of the 5,000 students who paid up to $35,000
each thought they would at least meet Trump but instead all they got was their
photos taken in front of a life-size picture of "The Apprentice" TV star.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 10:21 PM GMT

Bridge conspirator list release is delayed by appeals court

BYLINE: By DAVID PORTER, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A federal appeals court on Tuesday delayed the release of a
list of unindicted co-conspirators in the 2013 George Washington Bridge
lane-closing scandal as it considers whether to allow someone named on the list
to block its publication.

The ruling from the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia called for
June 6 oral arguments from attorneys for the unidentified person, referred to as
John Doe, and from several media organizations, including The Associated Press,
that are seeking access to the list.

Tuesday's ruling left open the possibility that the hearing could be closed to
the public.

Bridget Kelly, Republican Gov. Chris Christie former deputy chief of staff, and
Bill Baroni, a top Christie appointee to the agency that operates the bridge,
face wire fraud and civil rights charges. A second former Port Authority of New
York and New Jersey official, David Wildstein, has pleaded guilty.

They were charged with conspiring to create traffic jams near the bridge in Fort
Lee to punish the town's Democratic mayor for not endorsing Christie's
re-election.

Christie has disavowed any knowledge of the scheme and hasn't been charged.

One of the 24 judges sitting on the 3rd Circuit bench is Maryanne Trump Barry,
sister of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. It isn't
clear if Trump Barry will recuse herself from the matter since Donald Trump
recently named Christie to head his transition team. A panel of three judges
will hear the case.

The court also on Tuesday ordered that both sides' briefs be filed under seal,
meaning they won't be publicly available. An attorney for the media
organizations filed papers later Tuesday requesting a modification of the order
and release of the list with John Doe's name blacked out.

The indictment alleges Kelly and Baroni conspired "with each other and others,
including Wildstein." Defense attorneys have been furnished with the names of
the other co-conspirators as part of routine pretrial discovery. The media
organizations filed a request for the list several months ago.

Unindicted co-conspirators are people who were involved in a conspiracy to
commit a crime but haven't been criminally charged, usually because they are
cooperating with the government or prosecutors feel they don't have enough
evidence to convict them.

A federal judge ruled last week that the list should be released by noon
Tuesday. The same judge on Friday denied a request by John Doe to further delay
the release of names of unindicted co-conspirators in the plot. Doe then
appealed to the 3rd Circuit.

Doe's attorney, Jenny Kramer, has argued in court filings that Doe would be
"publicly branded a felon" without the chance to clear his name in court,
violating his rights to due process.

Bruce Rosen, an attorney for the media companies, called Doe's attempt
"frivolous and desperate" in a response filing and argued the due process clause
doesn't protect a person's reputation. He also wrote that names of unindicted
co-conspirators often are revealed during a trial anyway.

___

This story has been corrected to show the ruling from the 3rd Circuit Court came
Tuesday, not Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 10:18 PM GMT

In case linked to former Trump partner, gov't wants secrecy

BYLINE: By JEFF HORWITZ, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Justice Department urged a federal judge to keep some
records sealed in a criminal proceeding linked to a former business associate of
Donald Trump. Among prosecutors' reasons: To avoid media attention.

The case is related to Felix Sater, a former Mafia informant and one-time
business associate of Trump. Earlier this week, U.S. District Judge Brian M.
Cogan unsealed more than 200 documents related to Sater.

The records confirmed The Associated Press' previous reporting that the U.S.
government wanted to protect Sater's role as an informant after he was convicted
in 1993 for stabbing a man in the face with a broken margarita glass and again
five years later for participating in a $40 million stock fraud scheme tied to
the Bonanno and Genovese crime families.

But one of the files indicated that Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen Green asked
to keep some records on Sater secret as recently as this month. Doing so, he
said, would prevent "additional media attention and publicity" about Sater's
cooperation with federal prosecutors.

The still sealed files include documents that are generally public. They include
a legal brief made public by the U.S. Supreme Court and openly available
elsewhere. The judge wouldn't say why he would keep such a document under seal
in his court.

The case itself is only indirectly tied to Sater, and doesn't relate to Trump,
the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.

It involves a five-year criminal contempt proceeding against lawyers Frederick
Oberlander and Richard Lerner for revealing details about Sater's career as an
informant. The judge has encouraged the Justice Department to file criminal
contempt charges, ordering prosecutors to inform him on June 10 whether they
intend to do so.

The judge also warned the defendants at a hearing last week of additional
criminal charges if they speak about unsealed court documents.

Those released Monday include an October 2014 letter alleging that the pair
endangered Sater by leaking his role as an informant to a lawyer for a Colombo
crime family member.

But Gerald Shargel, the lawyer who supposedly received the information about
Sater, told the AP: "This didn't happen."

And lawyers who represented co-defendants in the stock fraud case from the 1990s
said the government told them of Sater's cooperation at the time.

After pleading guilty in that case, Sater altered his name and reinvented
himself as a luxury real estate executive. He worked at Bayrock Group LLC, a
frequent real estate development partner of Trump's last decade.

Throughout Bayrock's partnership with Trump, Sater also provided intelligence on
organized crime and what prosecutors have called vital national security
matters.

Oberlander and Lerner allege that prosecutors allowed Sater to commit further
misconduct during his time as a secret cooperator. Some of Bayrock's deals with
Trump ended in defaulted loans, lawsuits and even purported threats of physical
violence. Sater was not required to pay restitution to fraud victims.

There is no evidence Trump knew of Sater's history. Trump appointed Sater a
senior adviser for a year around 2010, giving him an office in Trump Tower,
official Trump Organization business cards and a license to prospect for new
business deals.

The AP asked Judge Cogan to make public the case, which was so opaque the news
agency's motion to unseal records was itself initially sealed.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 9:32 PM GMT

Sanders issues defiant statement under pressure over ruckus

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Under pressure from Democratic Party leaders to denounce ugly
tactics by his supporters, Sen. Bernie Sanders instead struck back with a
defiant statement Tuesday that dismissed complaints from Nevada Democrats as
"nonsense" and asserted that his backers were not being treated with "fairness
and respect."

It followed chaos at the Nevada Democratic Party convention Saturday night,
where Sanders' supporters threw chairs, shouted down speakers and later harassed
the state party chair with death threats. Gravely alarmed, Democrats pressed
Sanders to forcefully denounce it. The dispute stands as the most public rift
yet between the Sanders camp and other Democrats, and may undermine the party's
attempt to maintain a unified front as frustration mounts among Hillary Clinton
supporters that Sanders is continuing his campaign with no clear path to
victory.

"Our campaign of course believes in non-violent change and it goes without
saying that I condemn any and all forms of violence, including the personal
harassment of individuals," Sanders said. But far from apologizing for anything
his supporters did, Sanders repeated, in detail, their complaints that they were
railroaded in the delegate process Saturday night, something Democratic
officials deny. "The Democratic leadership used its power to prevent a fair and
transparent process from taking place," he said.

Sanders issued his statement moments after speaking with Senate Democratic
Leader Harry Reid, who told reporters that Sanders had condemned the violence in
Las Vegas. "This is a test of leadership as we all know, and I'm hopeful and
very confident Sen. Sanders will do the right thing," said Reid, D-Nev.

The head of the Democratic Party, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., also
condemned the events in Las Vegas. "There is no excuse for what happened in
Nevada, and it is incumbent upon all of us in positions of leadership to speak
out," she said.

Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., who was booed when she spoke at the convention,
told reporters Tuesday that she'd feared for her safety and said Sanders should
give a "major speech" calling on his supporters to reject violence and opt for
unity.

Sanders' statement seems unlikely to satisfy the demands from Reid, Wasserman
Schultz, Boxer and others. Reid said he was surprised by it, telling a reporter
in comments distributed by his office: "Bernie should say something and not have
some silly statement. Bernie is better than that."

It comes as Donald Trump is wrapping up the nomination on the Republican side,
yet Democrats remain divided and now some Democrats fear that Sanders'
supporters are starting to mimic backers of Trump in their sexist and aggressive
behavior.

Democrats also fear that the unrest in Nevada could be a taste of what is to
come at the Democratic Party convention in Philadelphia this summer.

Stephanie Schriock, president of EMILY's List, an influential political
committee devoted to electing women that is backing Clinton, said in a
statement: "These disgraceful attacks are straight out of the Donald Trump
playbook, and Bernie Sanders is the only person who can put a stop to them.
Sanders needs to both forcefully denounce and apologize for his supporters'
unacceptable behavior - not walk away."

Leading Democrats still stopped short of calling on Sanders to abandon his
campaign, at least in public, training their concerns on the violence at the
Nevada convention. "I am concerned if our party becomes labeled with the notion
that we have this kind of violence," said Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois, the No.
2 Senate Democrat.

Chair throwing, shouted profanities and even later death threats to party
leaders marked Saturday's party meeting. The Nevada Democratic Party send a
letter to the Democratic National Committee accusing Sanders supporters of
having a "penchant for extra-parliamentary behavior - indeed, actual violence -
in place of democratic conduct in a convention setting."

Sanders dismissed that as "nonsense." ''Our campaign has held giant rallies all
across this country, including in high crime areas, and there have been zero
reports of violence," he said.

"It is imperative that the Democratic leadership, both nationally and in the
states, understand that the political world is changing and that millions of
Americans are outraged at establishment politics and establishment economics,"
he said.

Democratic officials released text messages and voicemails with threats against
the Nevada Democratic Party chairwoman Roberta Lange. They included such
comments as "Hey bitch, loved how you broke the system, we know where you live,
where you work, where you eat, where your kids go to school ... You made a bad
choice, prepare for hell, calls won't stop." Another one said, "You're fired
bitch, #FeelTheBern, speak or else, corrupt bitch, answer the phone you pussy."

___=

Associated Press writers Mary Clare Jalonick and Ken Thomas in Washington and
Michelle Rindels in Las Vegas contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 7:11 PM GMT

Bucking trends, Trump sends teams to Democrat-leaning states

BYLINE: By STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 900 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump is rushing to install operatives in several
states that traditionally favor Democrats, pointing to a general election plan
consistent with the campaign he has run thus far: Defying conventional wisdom
and political trends.

The staffing expansion includes Maine, Minnesota and other places where Trump
opens as the underdog, with the New York billionaire seeking to expand the
electoral battlefield by drawing on his appeal among working class white voters
- and probable Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton's perceived weakness with
them. Still, it is an unlikely path to the White House, through states that no
Republican presidential candidate has carried since the 1980s.

"I will win states that no Republican would even run in," Trump told The
Associated Press in a recent interview.

The Trump campaign has identified roughly 15 states where it plans to install
state directors by the end of the month. They include traditional battlegrounds
like Ohio, Florida and Virginia and more challenging terrain such as Minnesota,
Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Maine - places Republican have lost for
the last six presidential elections or longer. Target states also will likely
include Republican-leaning Georgia, where demographic shifts benefit Democrats.

Trump's deployment of political operatives was outlined by campaign strategists
who weren't authorized to speak publicly about internal strategy and demanded
anonymity. The plan will be subsidized, at least in part, by the Republican
Party's new "building fund," a lightly regulated pool of money that can include
donations of more than $100,000 from individual donors, they said, though rules
for doing so might pose an obstacle.

Trump is still playing catch-up at this point. While Clinton is already weeks
into her own swing-state effort, Trump's team is scrambling to build a national
organization essentially from scratch.

"Up until three weeks ago, there were 102 or 103 employees, which is fewer than
Ben Carson had in January," Trump aide Barry Bennett said. "Today, that number
is much bigger, and it's growing every day."

The former reality television star's success in the GOP primary season was
fueled almost exclusively by personality and a flood of free media coverage. His
expansion into new states signals recognition that Trump must grow his
bare-bones operation to be competitive this fall, even if he doesn't fully
embrace other modern-day political tactics.

He refused to add a pollster for the first 11 months of his White House bid,
relying on sometimes questionable public polls when making strategic decisions.
Shifting toward November's vote, he recently hired GOP pollster Tony Fabrizio.

It's a step toward professionalizing the campaign. Up to now, Trump's
strategists have relied on the Republican National Committee's voter data and
internal poling to guide the battleground state staffing plan. Going forward,
Fabrizio will work with Trump and committee staff on voter modeling, overseeing
polling and voter targeting, according to someone familiar with the hiring.

Trump's team aims to have about fifteen state directors on the payroll by June
1, supplementing more than 200 committee operatives nationwide. Communications,
events and "coalitions" chiefs will augment the campaign's presence.

But bringing in more players doesn't necessarily make a winning team. Some of
the most experienced swing-state Republican operatives have shunned Trump and
it's unclear how many might work for him now that he has almost clinched the
Republican nomination. Without them, he would be left with a pool of state-based
loyalists, many inexperienced and unknown to the campaign's leaders.

To help fund the expansion, Trump's strategists said he'll draw from a
fundraising deal with the Republican National Committee that should be signed in
coming days. Clinton has a similar agreement with Democrats, enabling her to
collect checks of more than $350,000 from individual donors.

Trump's agreement is expected to allow for even larger checks. That's because
the pact will include the "building fund," which Congress created in 2014 that
will enable Trump and Republicans to pull $100,000-plus per donor, despite his
repeated criticism of campaign donations.

Republican National Committee spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said no funds from
that account will be used to pay for campaign staffers. She said the money would
only go to "the operation of the RNC headquarters."

Trump's team concedes it wasn't prepared to shift so suddenly toward the general
election. Up until only two weeks ago, it appeared as though the GOP primary
would last until the party's July national convention.

"Nobody complaining that we're behind schedule," Trump supporter, Rep. Chris
Collins, R-N.Y., said, noting Democrats are still locked in a primary fight.

Collins expects Trump's message to resonate in states like his and "traditional
rust belt areas" such as Pennsylvania and Ohio, where many working-class voters
usually don't support Republicans. Among Democrats, Clinton won those three
states but lost in Michigan and West Virginia to Sen. Bernie Sanders.

"Whether you call them Reagan Democrats, blue dog Democrats, whatever, that's
what puts those areas in play and why I think he's going to win in a landslide,"
Collins said.

___

Associated Press writers Julie Bykowicz, Jill Colvin and Julie Pace contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 6:28 PM GMT

Senate GOP leader: Most White House hopefuls release taxes

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Republican leader in the Senate says most candidates for
president have released their tax documents as presumptive GOP presidential
candidate Donald Trump insists he'll wait until after an IRS audit.

Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky was asked by reporters if Trump
should release his returns. Presidential candidates typically have done so since
the 1970s.

McConnell said Tuesday that Trump will have to make the decision for himself,
but the common practice has been to release returns.

Trump has faced criticism for saying he will hold off until an audit, with 2012
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney saying it was "disqualifying."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 6:27 PM GMT

Bergdahl to be court-martialed under new commander-in-chief

BYLINE: By EMERY P. DALESIO, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: FORT BRAGG, N.C.


FORT BRAGG, N.C. (AP) - A new commander-in-chief will be in charge when Army
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is court-martialed in February.

The new trial date set by a military judge on Tuesday could give the proceedings
a higher profile, coming only weeks after the new president - probably either
Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump - is sworn into office.

The likely Democratic nominee is already being criticized by Trump supporters
for supporting the Taliban prisoner swap that brought Bergdahl home after five
years in captivity.

Bergdahl's defense team, meanwhile, says the presumptive Republican nominee has
already damaged the soldier's chances for a fair trial by calling him a "dirty,
rotten traitor" who "should have been executed."

The concern is that a President Trump could influence Army brass to exert "undue
command influence" on the trial, Rachel VanLandingham, a former Air Force lawyer
who teaches at Southwestern Law School in Los Angeles.

Lawyers will have to try to figure out whether the Army judge or jury deciding
Bergdahl's fate have taken Trump's harsh comments to heart, said Eric Carpenter,
a former Army helicopter pilot and lawyer who now teaches at Florida
International University College of Law in Miami.

"If Trump is elected, it doesn't matter that he made the statements before
becoming the commander-in-chief," Carpenter said. "The key is that the panel is
free from members who have been influenced by Trump's statements."

"The military judge would allow the defense team to question the jurors, find
the ones that have been influenced, and then remove them from the panel," he
added.

Bergdahl also could choose to be tried by a judge alone.

The soldier from Hailey, Idaho, now 30, faces charges of desertion and
misbehavior before the enemy. The latter charge is relatively rare and carries
the potential of life in prison.

Bergdahl said he was trying to alert superior officers to problems in his unit
when he walked away from his combat outpost in Afghanistan in 2009. He was
swiftly captured by the Taliban, and remained a prisoner until President Barack
Obama exchanged five Guantanamo Bay detainees for his safe return two years ago.

Obama said the U.S. "does not ever leave our men and women in uniform behind,"
but the swap was harshly criticized. Some members of Congress said it
jeopardized national security.

Clinton was no longer secretary of state by then, but she has defended the deal
as a hard but noble decision to retrieve a U.S. soldier who might otherwise have
died in captivity.

Bergdahl sat attentively Tuesday in his dress blue formal uniform, his infantry
cord looped under the epaulet on his right shoulder, during the brief hearing.

The judge, Col. Jeffrey Nance, delayed the trial date from August to resolve any
disputes over classified documents. Nance also ruled that media organizations
could hire a stenographer for the trial, and gave Army prosecutors one week to
provide reporters with online access to court documents.

The Army's primary investigating officer recommended against jail time, saying
he did not see evidence that any service members were killed or wounded while
searching for him. A preliminary hearing officer recommended against a
bad-conduct discharge, but noted that no definitive conclusion has been made yet
on the question of casualties.

Those recommendations of leniency were scrapped in December by the four-star
general overseeing the case, Robert Abrams, who leads the Army Forces Command at
Fort Bragg.

Meanwhile, Bergdahl remains assigned to desk duty at Fort Sam Houston in Texas,
where law enforcement officials have been notified about continuing threats
against the solider.

A spokesman at the Texas post, Sgt. Maj. Matt Howard, wouldn't describe the
measures they take to protect Bergdahl, but said that as "a group of soldiers,
battle buddies, we all look out for each other."

___

Follow Emery P. Dalesio at http://twitter.com/emerydalesio . His work can be
found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/emery-p-dalesio .

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 2:19 PM GMT

The Latest: Bergdahl court-martial start delayed to February

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: FORT BRAGG, N.C.


FORT BRAGG, N.C. (AP) - The Latest on a pre-trial hearing ahead of a pending
court-martial for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl (all times local):

10:05 a.m.

A military judge is delaying the start of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl's military
trial until February.

Col. Jeffrey Nance said during a pre-trial hearing Tuesday at Fort Bragg in
North Carolina that delaying the court-martial from August should allow enough
time to sort through access to classified documents by Bergdahl's defense team.

Nance also ordered military prosecutors to set up online access to court
documents for news organizations covering the case of the soldier charged with
desertion for leaving his combat outpost in Afghanistan and falling into Taliban
hands.

The 30-year-old native of Hailey, Idaho, was held as a prisoner of war for five
years until President Barack Obama freed five detainees from Guantanamo Bay in
exchange for his return. He faces a life sentence if convicted of misbehavior
before the enemy.

___

4 a.m.

Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is back in court as the military prepares his
court-martial on charges including desertion for leaving his combat outpost in
Afghanistan and falling into Taliban hands.

A hearing officer at Fort Bragg in North Carolina on Tuesday will consider the
government's request to postpone the start from August until December to better
prepare classified documents.

Given the shape of the presidential campaign, that could mean Bergdahl will face
military justice at a time when the incoming Commander-in-Chief is either
Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.

Berghdal, of Hailey, Idaho, was held as a prisoner of war for five years until
President Barack Obama freed five detainees from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for
his return. He faces a life sentence if convicted of misbehavior before the
enemy.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 12:38 PM GMT

Koch group puts another $2.2 million into Ohio's Senate race

BYLINE: By JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 296 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Political groups backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch
are spending $7.7 million on television and online advertising in the Ohio
Senate race - part of a broader plan to focus on the Republican-led Senate
instead of the presidential race.

The latest wave of ads in the matchup between incumbent Republican Sen. Rob
Portman and Democratic former Gov. Ted Strickland spotlights taxes and fees
Strickland raised while in office. The ads are paid for by Freedom Partners
Action Fund.

Other Koch groups, including Americans for Prosperity, have been knocking on
doors and making phone calls to voters to boost Portman support. During an Ohio
"day of action" last month, the groups made 625,000 calls and stopped at almost
17,000 homes.

Beyond that race, Koch groups have advertised in Senate contests in Nevada,
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and made a small buy in New Hampshire before the
Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte said she did not want money from outside groups
involved in her race.

Koch groups have reserved about $30 million in commercial time for late this
summer and fall, putting them at the top of a long list of outside groups
planning to invest in Senate races.

The Ohio spending comes as the billionaire industrialists - and major funders of
conservative causes and candidates - have distanced themselves from the
presidential race and presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump, at least for now.
Charles Koch has said he doesn't like Trump's divisive comments, in particular
his assertion he'd temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the country.

A Koch-funded data company used by most of the Republican Senate candidates
refused to do business with Trump when his campaign inquired.

___

Follow Julie Bykowicz on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/bykowicz

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 17, 2016 Tuesday 10:08 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Today

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 349 words


1. WHO'S UP NEXT IN PICKING A DEMOCRAT

Oregon and Kentucky line up to vote in the Democratic presidential nominating
contest, while the pall of a divisive state party convention in Nevada hangs
over the race.

2. WHAT'S AT STAKE IN SYRIAN TALKS

World and regional powers meet in Vienna to overcome substantial divisions among
Syrian factions that have claimed hundreds of thousands of lives and displaced
millions since violence turned to war five years ago.

3. FEDS TO VOTE ON PROBABLE CAUSE OF DEADLY AMTRAK DERAILMENT

The NTSB announces its findings in the investigation into the May 2015 crash in
Philadelphia that killed eight people.

4. SENATE SLATED TO VOTE ON COMPETING PLANS TO BATTLE ZIKA

A bipartisan, anti-virus plan that cuts Obama's $1.9 billion request down to
$1.1 billion is seen as having the greatest chance of advancing.

5. STARTUP WANTS TO PUT SELF-DRIVING BIG RIGS ON US HIGHWAYS

Otto is planning to equip semis with software, sensors, lasers and cameras so
they eventually will be able to navigate more than 220,000 miles of road on
their own.

6. THE 'UNTOUCHABLES' OF YEMEN CAUGHT IN CROSSFIRE OF WAR

Shunned by other Yemenis, the dark-skinned ethnic group has been particularly
hard hit by the country's civil war, driven from their homes with no one to take
them in.

7. ONLINE SITE RELEASES NSA NEWSLETTERS

The in-house articles reveal efforts to eavesdrop on a Russian crime boss, the
search in Iraq for possible weapons of mass destruction and help with
interrogations at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay. NSA-

8. PASTOR DROPS WHOLE FOODS LAWSUIT

Jordan Brown, a gay clergyman from Texas, apologized to the grocer after he
bought a cake that he alleged had a slur written on it in icing.

9. 'HARRY POTTER' AUTHOR TAKES VERBAL SHOT AT TRUMP

Britain's J.K. Rowling says the likely GOP presidential nominee "has my full
support to come to my country and be offensive and bigoted there."

10. WARRIORS THUNDERSTRUCK IN WEST FINALS OPENER

Russell Westbrook and Oklahoma City rally from a 13-point halftime deficit to
beat Golden State 108-102 in Game 1 of the Western Conference finals.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 154 words


"Flying blind is nuts." - Jeremy Bird, who worked for President Barack Obama's
data-rich campaign, after Donald Trump told The Associated Press in a recent
interview that he plans to win the White House largely on the strength of his
personality, not by leaning heavily on complex voter data operations.

___

"Today I begin a new chapter filled with personal hope and hope for others who
have suffered genital injuries. In sharing this success with all of you, it is
my hope we can usher in a bright future for this type of transplantation." -
Thomas Manning, a 64-year-old cancer patient from Massachusetts, who received
the nation's first penis transplant.

___

"It looks like we are not going to have a very good relationship." - Donald
Trump to ITV's "Good Morning Britain" after recent criticism by British Prime
Minister David Cameron over Trump's call for all Muslims to be temporarily
banned from entering the United States.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 6:19 AM GMT

JK Rowling honored by PEN for literary and humanitarian work

BYLINE: By HILLEL ITALIE, AP National Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - J.K. Rowling's passion for free expression is so strong it
extends to someone she'd otherwise not care to discuss: Donald Trump.

Speaking Monday night before hundreds gathered for PEN America's annual gala at
the American Museum of Natural History, the "Harry Potter" creator noted that
she opposed a recent petition calling for banning the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee from entering the United Kingdom, saying such actions
endanger everyone's rights.

"I find almost everything that Mr. Trump says objectionable. I consider him
offensive and bigoted," said the British author, who received PEN's Literary
Service Award for her "extraordinary creativity" and for her efforts on behalf
of institutionalized children and other humanitarian causes.

"But he has my full support to come to my country and be offensive and bigoted
there."

PEN, the literary and human rights organization, honored advocates for speech
and prisoners of censorship worldwide, from Egypt to Flint, Michigan. Thanks in
part to Rowling's star power, PEN raised more than $1.75 million, the highest
total in memory for its fundraising ceremony. Monday's gala also was far calmer
than last year's, when an award to the French publication Charlie Hebdo,
subjected to a deadly attack in Paris, led to heightened security.

"It's very nice to have an event without metal detectors," noted PEN president
Andrew Solomon.

Two prominent Flint activists, LeeAnne Walters and Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha,
received the PEN/Toni and James C. Goodale Freedom of Expression Courage Award
for their efforts in exposing the deadly levels of lead in the water. Walters is
a mother of four who became alarmed when her kids fell ill and Dr. Hanna-Attisha
is a pediatrician and educator who conducted studies of blood lead levels in
Flint's children.

Both discussed the meaning of courage. Dr. Hanna-Attisha recalled being
ridiculed for her initial findings and being afraid, but realized that "You
can't have courage without fear." Added Walters: "Some say it's courage, some
say it's heroism. But I'm honestly just a mom doing what moms do - protecting
their children."

Ahmed Naji, imprisoned in Egypt for the sexual content of his novel "The Use of
Life," was the winner of the PEN/Barbey Freedom to Write Award. The author's
brother, Mohamed, accepted for him and said Naji was working on another novel
even though his jailers forbid him to write.

"He is imagining it, like he always has," Mohamed Naji said of his brother,
whose sentencing had been protested by historian Robert Caro, filmmaker Woody
Allen and more than 100 other writers and artists.

PEN's annual publishing award was given to Hachette Book Group CEO Michael
Pietsch, presented his prize by "The Goldfinch" author Donna Tartt. Pietsch,
whose battles have included censorship in China and a standoff in the U.S. with
Amazon.com over e-book revenues, urged his peers to "remember to publish wild
voices, diverse voices, voices that make us uncomfortable, voices that can open
eyes, change minds and last."

Rowling herself publishes her Robert Galbraith detective novels through
Hachette. She was given her prize by actress Sarah Jessica Parker, a longtime
admirer and literacy advocate who praised Rowling for changing the "landscape of
children's literature forever and for the better."

The author cited her clashes with censors over her Potter books, which religious
groups have accused of inspiring Satanism. She pointed out that her work has
appeared on lists of banned books and recalled an unnerving encounter with a
Christian fundamentalist in a New York toy shop.

"I had no idea the phrase 'I pray for you' could sound so intimidating," she
said.

But Rowling, who has shared sharp opinions about Trump and others on her Twitter
feed, also called herself lucky to live in a part of the world where speech is
protected and accepted that some would object to her work.

"My critics are at liberty to claim that I am trying to convert children to
Satanism," she said. "And I'm free to explain I'm exploring human nature and
morality - or to say 'You're an idiot.'"

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 3:09 AM GMT

JK Rowling honored by PEN for literary and humanitarian work

BYLINE: By HILLEL ITALIE, AP National Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 143 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - J.K. Rowling's passion for free expression is so strong it
extends to someone she'd otherwise not care to discuss: Donald Trump.

Speaking Monday night before hundreds gathered for PEN America's annual gala at
the American Museum of Natural History, the "Harry Potter" author noted that she
opposed a recent petition calling for banning the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee from entering the United Kingdom, saying such actions
endangered everyone's rights.

Rowling received a PEN award for her writing and her humanitarian work.

PEN, the literary and human rights organization, also honored imprisoned
Egyptian author Ahmed Naji, whose brother Mohamed accepted on his behalf;
Hachette Book Group CEO Michael Pietsch; and Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha and LeeAnne
Walters, who helped expose deadly levels of lead in the water in Flint,
Michigan.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2028 words


Trump's questioning of the value of data worries Republicans

ATLANTA (AP) - Donald Trump says he plans to win the White House largely on the
strength of his personality, not by leaning heavily on complex voter data
operations that have become a behind-the-scenes staple in modern presidential
campaigns.

Shortly after Trump explained his approach in an Associated Press interview -
data is "overrated," he said - one of the presumptive Republican nominee's top
advisers tried to clarify the remarks. Rick Wiley told AP the Trump campaign
will indeed tap the Republican Party's massive cache of voter information.

The national Republican Party has spent massive sums of money to develop the
database since President Barack Obama's election set a new standard for using
data in national campaigns, from deciding where to send a candidate and how to
spend advertising dollars to making sure supporters cast a ballot.

The back-and-forth in the Trump camp leaves Republicans and Democrats alike
wondering just how committed the candidate actually is to what has become
accepted wisdom among political professionals. Some Republicans worry that Trump
risks ceding potential advantages to likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton
if he's not willing to invest the money required to keep updating the data, and
then use it effectively.

"It's a big risk," said Chris Wilson, who ran an expansive data operation for
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Trump's stiffest competition in the Republican primaries.
Jeremy Bird, who worked for President Barack Obama's data-rich campaign, said:
"Flying blind is nuts."

___

8-justice Supreme Court dodges decision on birth control

WASHINGTON (AP) - A short-handed Supreme Court dodged but kept alive a legal
challenge Monday from faith-based groups over the Obama administration's rules
for cost-free access to birth control. It was the latest sign of justices
struggling to find a majority for cases taken up before Justice Antonin Scalia's
death.

The unsigned, unanimous opinion paved a way out of a politically thorny dispute
for the eight-member court, which has split twice in 4-4 ties since the
conservative jurist's death in February. Yet it hardly settled the matter, even
if President Barack Obama said the "practical effect is right now that women
will still continue to be able to get contraception."

Deciding nothing but perhaps buying time, the justices asked lower courts to
take another look at the issue in search of a compromise. The case concerns the
administration's arrangement for sparing faith-based groups from paying the
birth control costs of women covered under their health plans.

"The court expresses no view on the merits of the cases," the justices wrote,
ending a major confrontation over Obama's health care law with a whimper. The
matter almost certainly will not return to the Supreme Court before the 2016
presidential election, and perhaps not until a new justice is confirmed to take
Scalia's seat, if at all.

The outcome suggested the court lacked a majority, underscoring the effect of
Scalia's absence. And it pointed to the prospect of other cases ending in a tie
among the 31 that remain unresolved.

___

10 Things to Know for Tuesday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Tuesday:

1. WHAT MAY HAVE TRIGGERED DEADLY AMTRAK WRECK

Radio transmissions distracted the engineer whose speeding train crashed in
Philadelphia last year, killing eight people, an official familiar with the
investigation says.

2. WHOSE DISREGARD FOR VOTER DATA IRKS GOP LEADERS

Donald Trump says studying detailed voter data is "overrated" and he plans to
continue campaigning on the strength of his personality.

___

Former GOP lawyer: Military acted properly on Benghazi

WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. military acted properly on the night of the deadly
2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, according to leaked testimony from a retired,
three-star Army general who served as chief lawyer for Republicans on the House
committee investigating the attacks.

Retired Army Lt. Gen. Dana Chipman "repeatedly commended the military's actions
on the night of the attacks during closed interviews with Defense Department
officials," including a Jan. 8 interview with former Defense Secretary Leon
Panetta, Democrats on the committee say.

Chipman, a former judge advocate general for the Army, served as chief counsel
for Republicans on the House Benghazi panel from August 2014 until January.

Top Democrats on the committee - Reps. Elijah Cummings of Maryland and Adam
Smith of Washington - released the testimony Sunday in a letter to the panel's
chairman, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C. The letter is the latest volley in an
escalating, election-year fight over the House Benghazi investigation, which has
lasted more than two years.

Democrats have called for panel to disband and say it is a thinly veiled excuse
for Republicans to undermine Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary
Clinton, who was secretary of state at the time of the attacks.

___

1st US penis transplant could bring hope to maimed soldiers

BOSTON (AP) - A 64-year-old cancer patient has received the nation's first penis
transplant, a groundbreaking operation that may also help accident victims and
some of the many U.S. veterans maimed by roadside bombs.

In a case that represents the latest frontier in the growing field of
reconstructive transplants, Thomas Manning of Halifax, Massachusetts, is faring
well after the 15-hour operation last week, Massachusetts General Hospital said
Monday.

His doctors said they are cautiously optimistic that Manning eventually will be
able to urinate normally and function sexually again for the first time since
aggressive penile cancer led to the amputation of the former bank courier's
genitals in 2012. They said his psychological state will play a big role in his
recovery.

"Emotionally he's doing amazing. I'm really impressed with how he's handling
things. He's just a positive person," Dr. Curtis Cetrulo, who was among the lead
surgeons on a team of more than 50, said at a news conference. "He wants to be
whole again. He does not want to be in the shadows."

Manning, who is single and has no children, did not appear at the news
conference but said in a statement: "Today I begin a new chapter filled with
personal hope and hope for others who have suffered genital injuries. In sharing
this success with all of you, it is my hope we can usher in a bright future for
this type of transplantation."

___

Baby found safe after car with her inside stolen in Detroit

DETROIT (AP) - Police say a 3-month-old girl has been found safe after her
father's car, with her inside, was stolen from outside a Detroit liquor store.

Police say the father told investigators he left the car running with Dakota
Grimes sleeping in the back around 1 a.m. Monday while he ran into the store on
the city's east side. He returned to discover the white 2006 Chevrolet Impala -
and his daughter - missing.

Shortly after an Amber Alert was broadcast, the child was found on the porch of
a nearby home, still strapped in her car seat. She was taken to a hospital as a
precaution.

Police Chief James Craig says officers are looking for three suspects in the
theft of the car, which was recovered Monday afternoon in nearby Harper Woods.

___

US, other powers want to arm Libyan government

VIENNA (AP) - In a move fraught with risk, the United States and other world
powers said Monday they would supply Libya's internationally recognized
government with weapons to counter the Islamic State and other militant groups
gaining footholds in the chaos-wracked country's lawless regions.

Aiming at once to shore up the fragile government, and prevent Islamic State
fighters and rival militias from further gains, the U.S., the four other
permanent U.N. Security Council members and more than 15 other nations said they
would approve exemptions to a United Nations arms embargo to allow military
sales and aid to Libya's so-called "Government of National Accord."

In a joint communique, the nations said that while the broader embargo will
remain in place, they are "ready to respond to the Libyan government's requests
for training and equipping" government forces.

"We will fully support these efforts while continuing to reinforce the UN arms
embargo," the communique said.

With support from all five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council, the
plan is unlikely to face significant opposition from any quarter.

___

Granting Medal of Valor, Obama says US must listen to police

WASHINGTON (AP) - President Barack Obama called on the nation Monday to support
and listen to its law enforcement officers as he bestowed the Medal of Valor on
13 officers who risked their lives to save others.

In a ceremony in the East Room, Obama draped the purple-and-gold ribbons around
the necks of officers who intervened in shooting rampages, hostage situations
and an armed robbery. He pledged to keep working toward a bipartisan overhaul to
make the criminal justice system fairer, smarter and more effective so that
officers are well-equipped to enforce the country's laws.

"We can show our respect by listening to you, learning from you, giving you the
resources that you need to do your jobs," Obama said. "Our country needs that
right now."

Three Santa Monica, California, officers - Jason Salas, Robert Sparks and Capt.
Raymond Bottenfield - were honored for their response to a 2013 rampage on a
community college campus that left five people dead. Confronting 23-year-old
gunman John Zawahri in the campus library, the officers shot and killed him when
he pointed his assault weapon at them.

Obama also honored Gregory Stevens of suburban Dallas, who exchanged gunfire
with two armed men outside an exhibit hall holding a provocative contest for
caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad. Both gunmen were killed, heading off what
investigators suspected was a planned mass shooting.

___

Hillary Clinton and the 2-for-1 presidency

HOPKINSVILLE, Ky. (AP) - The notion of a 2-for-1 Clinton presidency is back.

Recalling sunnier days of growth, low unemployment and budget surpluses under
her husband, Hillary Clinton is telling Americans that Bill Clinton will be "in
charge of revitalizing the economy" if she wins the White House.

What his work would be remains unclear: not a cabinet post, she indicated. But,
as she has been saying for months, she expects him to play a leading role.

Bill Clinton reigned over a strong economy, especially in the final years of his
presidency, yet his economic legacy is mixed.

The late 1990s were the last period to see sustained income gains for the
typical American household. Middle-income wages have stagnated since then.

___

Police say Sinead O'Connor found safe, no details released

CHICAGO (AP) - Police in suburban Chicago said Irish singer-songwriter Sinead
O'Connor was found safe Monday after officers received a report that she never
returned from a Sunday bike ride in the area.

Wilmette police spokesman Eric Peterson said O'Connor had been located, "is safe
and no longer considered a missing or endangered person," though he wouldn't say
where she was found or release details about her condition.

Local police issued a well-being check for O'Connor earlier Monday, saying
someone called to report that she hadn't been seen since leaving for a bicycle
ride early Sunday morning. It's unclear why O'Connor was in Wilmette, an
upper-class suburb about 15 miles north of Chicago along Lake Michigan.

O'Connor, who has performed at least twice in Chicago this year, scored an
international hit in 1990 with her rendition of Prince's ballad "Nothing
Compares 2 U." The gifted but troubled singer-songwriter is known as much for
her fierce and expressive voice as her shaved head and blunt criticism of the
Catholic Church and other institutions.

Police said she reportedly left for her bike ride at 6 a.m. Sunday. About two
hours later, a rambling message was posted on her official Facebook page that
cited an upcoming court hearing and a child custody dispute. On Friday, a long
message posted as an "open letter to my son Shane" encouraged the 12-year-old to
bring his own case against Tusla, a child welfare agency in Ireland.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 2:53 AM GMT

Brothers plead guilty to beating homeless immigrant

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


BOSTON (AP) - Two Boston brothers who claimed to be inspired in part by Donald
Trump's views on immigrants were sentenced to state prison after admitting they
beat a homeless Mexican man because they thought he was an illegal immigrant,
authorities said.

The Suffolk County District Attorney's Office said Scott Leader, 38, and Steven
Leader, 30, pleaded guilty Monday to indictments charging them with causing
bodily injury while committing a civil rights violation, assault and battery for
purposes of intimidation causing bodily injury, two counts each of assault and
battery and two counts each of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon.

Suffolk Superior Court Judge Peter Krupp sentenced Scott Leader to three years
in prison and Steven Leader to 2 ½ years behind bars, with both sentences
followed by three years of probation. Krupp also ordered them to serve 20 hours
of community service and complete a cultural diversity training program.

"This unprovoked attack on a sleeping man disgusted every prosecutor, victim
advocate, and trooper who worked on it," said Suffolk County District Attorney
Daniel F. Conley. "State prison was the only appropriate sentence."

The brothers admitted to urinating on the man as he slept outside of a
Dorchester commuter transit stop in August 2015, then beating him with a pole,
punching and kicking him.

Prior to sentencing, Assistant District Attorney Nicole Rimar read a statement
from the victim.

"I still feel pain all over my body from this incident. I don't think my fingers
will ever be the same," the victim, then 58, wrote. "I came to this country many
years ago and worked hard in the farm fields to provide produce to people here.
I actually became a permanent resident of this country years ago, although if I
had been undocumented I still would not have deserved to be beaten this way."

The victim was treated for a broken nose, serious bruising across his torso and
other injuries.

State police identified the suspects with the help of witnesses.

One of the brothers later told police that Trump "was right" about deporting
"all these illegals," according to a police report.

The GOP front-runner has denounced the attack.

"Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each
other with respect," Trump tweeted. "I would never condone violence."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 2:17 AM GMT

Hillary Clinton and the 2-for-1 presidency

BYLINE: By LISA LERER and CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: HOPKINSVILLE, Ky.


HOPKINSVILLE, Ky. (AP) - The notion of a 2-for-1 Clinton presidency is back.

Recalling sunnier days of growth, low unemployment and budget surpluses under
her husband, Hillary Clinton is telling Americans that Bill Clinton will be "in
charge of revitalizing the economy" if she wins the White House.

What his work would be remains unclear: not a cabinet post, she indicated. But,
as she has been saying for months, she expects him to play a leading role.

Bill Clinton reigned over a strong economy, especially in the final years of his
presidency, yet his economic legacy is mixed.

The late 1990s were the last period to see sustained income gains for the
typical American household. Middle-income wages have stagnated since then.

But his refusal to step up regulation of exotic financial instruments known as
derivatives was blamed in large measure for the collapse of the financial sector
years later. The tech bubble of his time burst. And his agenda was driven by
support for free trade deals, including one that gave China better access to the
U.S. market, that are held responsible by elements of both parties for driving
jobs out of the country.

Still, in those pre-9/11 days, it's a stretch of peace and prosperity like
Americans haven't seen since and with her latest remarks, in Kentucky, Hillary
Clinton is more firmly laying out how important he would be to her agenda.

The situation is highly unusual: Not only would Clinton be the first president
to have a "First Dude," she'd also be the first to have a former president in
the East Wing.

Now, facing a two-front fight against Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, she's
stressing that Bill Clinton would be an asset in her administration,
particularly with the kind of Southern white voters who once backed him but now
are drawn to Trump.

"Tell me anybody else who's been here as much or knows us as well," said
Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin, of Bill Clinton, during a campaign event in West
Virginia. Hillary Clinton lost that primary - a state her husband won by double
digits - earlier this month to Sanders.

The GOP front-runner and his team are making a different political bet. They see
Bill Clinton's history of scandal as ripe for exploitation.

Still, in recent weeks, Clinton has begun sketching out a bit more of a role for
her husband, though there is great ambiguity. She told West Virginians that he'd
focus on helping economically distressed communities, like those in coal county,
reinvent themselves in a changing economy.

"You'll get sick of seeing him," she said earlier this month. "This gets him
really, really excited."

Spokesman Nick Merrill said Monday that despite the candidate's description of
her husband's in-charge role, Clinton would be getting ahead of herself to talk
about "any sort of formalized role for anyone." But, he added, Bill Clinton "has
a lot to offer and it would be foolish not to use that in some capacity."

More any other political couple in recent American history, the Clintons have
long viewed themselves as a joint package. Shortly after entering the White
House, Clinton appointed his wife to head the administration's effort to pass a
major health care bill. The failed measure became known as "Hillarycare."

But as the party has shifted to the left during the Obama administration,
Hillary Clinton repeatedly found herself forced to repudiate key pieces of her
husband's legacy during her primary campaign. She's distanced herself from the
North American Free Trade Agreement, the federal law that defined marriage as
between one man and one woman, and the "don't ask, don't tell" policy that
banned gays and lesbians from military service. Hillary Clinton has also faced
criticism for backing the 1994 crime bill, which led to tougher sentencing for
drug offenses.

Her campaign is calculating that in the general election, Bill Clinton's strong
economic record outweighs the criticism. Over the next 10 days, Bill Clinton is
scheduled to campaign in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, New Mexico,
California, South Dakota, North Dakota and Montana.

Late in Clinton's presidency, unemployment dropped to 3.9 percent, its lowest
level since 1970. It's 5 percent now - and he set a record in monthly job growth
in the post-World War II era. Growth averaged 3.8 percent, better than the
record under Ronald Reagan and a far cry from the 0.5 percent of the last
quarter or the 1.4 percent of the quarter before. But Clinton also came to
office when a recession was ending; Barack Obama stepped into a worsening one
that would be unrivaled since the Depression.

Broadly-shared prosperity is what President Clinton is known for, so I am
thrilled Hillary is deploying my old boss," said former Clinton aide Paul
Begala. "Wherever two or more are gathered, there, too, should he be."

Campaigning in a smoky diner in Paducah, Kentucky, on Monday, Clinton was
surrounded by people who affectionately recalled previous visits by the
Clintons. Bill Clinton campaigned in the town right before the 1992 election
that made him president.

Joanne Clark, 54, exclaimed that she had shaken hands with Bill Clinton all
those years ago. "He's gotta get out of retirement!" replied Hillary Clinton.

___

Lerer reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Julie Bykowicz and
Christopher S. Rugaber in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 1:23 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Tuesday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 328 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Tuesday:

1. WHAT MAY HAVE TRIGGERED DEADLY AMTRAK WRECK

Radio transmissions distracted the engineer whose speeding train crashed in
Philadelphia last year, killing eight people, an official familiar with the
investigation says.

2. WHOSE DISREGARD FOR VOTER DATA IRKS GOP LEADERS

Donald Trump says studying detailed voter data is "overrated" and he plans to
continue campaigning on the strength of his personality.

3. US, ALLIES OK ARMS SALES TO LIBYAN GOV'T

The weapons shipments, which require an exemption to a U.N. arms embargo, are
aimed at shoring up Libya's fragile government and countering Islamic State
advances.

4. HILLARY PROMOTES '2-FOR-1' CLINTON PRESIDENCY

The Democratic front-runner says husband Bill will be "in charge of revitalizing
the economy" if she wins the White House.

5. WHERE CIGARETTE TAX COULD SKYROCKET

In California, the price of a pack of smokes might hit $7.50 if a campaign is
successful in convincing voters to tack on $2 more in taxes, for anti-smoking
efforts and cancer research.

6. SECOND MEXICAN JUDGE APPROVES 'EL CHAPO' EXTRADITION

The jailed Mexican drug lord faces charges from seven U.S. federal prosecutors.

7. CANCER PATIENT RECEIVES FIRST PENIS TRANSPLANT IN US

The groundbreaking operation may eventually help accident victims and veterans
maimed by roadside bombs.

8. SINEAD O'CONNOR 'SAFE, NO LONGER CONSIDERED MISSING'

Police in suburban Chicago say the Irish singer-songwriter has been located a
day after she did not return from a bike ride.

9. TOURISTS CAUSE BISON CALF'S DEMISE

Some Yellowstone visitors caught what they thought was a lost calf, but park
officials later had to euthanize the newborn because the herd would not take it
back.

10. TIGER WOODS SAYS HE'S 'PROGRESSING' AFTER BACK SURGERIES

"The plan is to get well, and whether that's by next week or it's a year from
now, I don't know," says the world's former top golfer.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 1:21 AM GMT

Weather anchor's dress sparks social-media firestorm

BYLINE: By JOHN ROGERS, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - It's become so common for some female TV weather reporters to
dress like they are on the way to a cocktail party that their dresses should
have long ago ceased to raise any eyebrows among viewers.

But there was eyebrow-raising aplenty across the Internet this week after
KTLA-TV weather anchor Liberte Chan's co-host handed her a dull-looking, gray
sweater and she pulled it on over her black, sparkly, spaghetti-strap evening
dress while delivering her report Saturday.

"You want me to put this on? Why? Because it's cold?" Chan quipped when co-host
Chris Burrous dangled the sweater from off camera as she was in the middle of
explaining why the gloomy weather gripping LA was going to stick around awhile.

"We're getting emails," he answered.

That was nothing compared to what they would get in the days ahead.

Soon Chan and her black, sparkly dress were trending on social media. The cast
of NBC's "Today" show was cracking wise ("It's never the crime, it's the
cover-up," Savannah Guthrie said). New York Daily News columnist Linda Stasi was
saying it was time TV stopped making its women dress like strippers while
allowing fat, bald, old men to deliver the news.

"You would think this is Trump versus Clinton," Burrous said on Sunday's
broadcast. "Never before have we received so many emails."

He didn't say how many, and KTLA officials didn't respond to a phone message
Monday. But Burrous said the vote was roughly 50-50 in favor of and against the
dress.

He didn't reveal how many people thought he was an idiot for handing her the
sweater live on the air.

"I cannot believe the station had the nerve to have someone dangle that sweater
at you - distracting you and your report and the viewer," one of the hundreds
who left comments on Chan's Facebook page said. "They were absolutely ridiculous
in doing this."

Burrous said the next day that he was only joking, and Chan, who is both a
meteorologist and a veteran news reporter, backed him up.

By today's TV news standards, her dress was actually fairly modest. It revealed
no cleavage, and the hemline was no more than an inch or two above her knees. It
was the sparkles and straps that seemed to incense critics. One email said she
looked like she'd stayed late at a party and arrived wearing the same dress as
the night before.

Her attire, however, had actually been her second choice that day.

Her first choice was a modest print with an elaborate design that had clashed
with the green screen that weather reporters stand in front of so viewers at
home can see all those fancy graphics they're describing.

So she switched to the black dress.

By Monday she had moved on, even if others hadn't. Her most recent Facebook post
linked to a story about a dog that saved a little girl from a rattlesnake.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 1:11 AM GMT

Kasich warns against GOP candidates 'bashing' minorities

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 136 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican John Kasich says his party will have a hard time
winning the White House if candidates are "bashing Hispanics, turning off
African-Americans" and failing to excite young voters.

Kasich spoke to CNN in his first major interview since exiting the GOP
presidential contest earlier this month.

He says he's skeptical of Donald Trump's ability to unite the party and
Americans. He says he hasn't yet decided whether he'll back the near-certain
Republican nominee, adding that he'd like to see more positivity and more
consistent policy positions from Trump.

The Ohio governor says he's not interested in being Trump's vice presidential
choice or running as third-party candidate. He says he has told House Speaker
Paul Ryan he'll help however possible in electing Republicans in down-ballot
races.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 18, 2016 Wednesday 11:45 PM GMT

Libertarian Gary Johnson secures running mate

BYLINE: By STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY


SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Seizing new fuel for his appeal to Donald Trump's critics,
former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson has joined forces with another former
Republican governor to strengthen his Libertarian presidential bid.

William Weld, who served two terms as the Republican governor of Massachusetts
in the 1990s, will announce plans Thursday to seek the Libertarian Party's vice
presidential nomination, Johnson confirmed in a Wednesday interview with the
Associated Press. The pair met privately in Las Vegas over the weekend when Weld
agreed to run as Johnson's running mate in the party's upcoming nominating
convention and into the general election.

"We got together and shook hands on it," Johnson told the AP in an interview in
Salt Lake City, where his underdog presidential campaign is based. "It brings an
enormous amount of credibility to what it is I'm doing. I'm unbelievably
flattered by this and humbled."

Johnson is casting himself as the best - and perhaps only - alternative to Trump
, as the New York billionaire's Republican critics struggle to identify another
third-party candidate.

Johnson earned just 1 percent of the national vote during his 2012 presidential
run, but reminds reluctant conservatives that he'll likely be the only
third-party candidate on the ballot in all 50 states this fall.

Weld, a well-respected former governor in the Northeast, offers Johnson some
credibility and badly needed fundraising prowess. The 70-year-old will announce
his vice presidential bid in New York on Thursday, Johnson said.

"He could be a huge influence when it comes to fundraising. Huge," said Johnson,
whose campaign had only $35,000 in the bank at the end of March. "That was
something that he in fact volunteered - that he enjoys doing it."

Weld was an active fundraiser for 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt
Romney. Like Johnson, Weld has a moderate view on social issues. He favors
abortion rights and same-sex marriage. Years after leaving the governor's office
in Massachusetts, Weld launched an unsuccessful bid for New York governor as a
Republican and a Libertarian.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 18, 2016 Wednesday 10:58 PM GMT

Federal panel: Pacific trade pact would deliver modest gains

BYLINE: By PAUL WISEMAN, AP Economics Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - A contentious trade deal between the United States and 11
Pacific Rim nations would give the U.S. economy a modest boost, an independent
federal agency reported Wednesday.

The U.S. International Trade Commission said the Trans-Pacific Partnership would
increase economic growth and create jobs. But the gains would be vanishingly
small: After 15 years - 2032 if the agreement takes effect next year - the deal
would add just 128,000 jobs, an increase of less than a tenth of one percent.
Exports would increase, but imports would increase more, the report said.

U.S. Trade Rep. Michael Froman said the report shows that "TPP will benefit our
economy at home and allow the U.S. to help set the rules of the road for trade
in the Asia Pacific."

The ITC analysis is required by law and is supposed to signal the start of
congressional debate on the TPP. But lawmakers likely won't act in a contentious
election year.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic
front-runner Hillary Clinton both oppose the pact, and voters have been
increasingly skeptical about the benefits of international trade.

"It seems more than likely that Congress will punt to the next administration,"
said Eric Shimp, a former U.S. trade official and now policy adviser at the law
firm Alston & Bird LLP. "Trade itself has become toxic in Congress."

The deal, requiring congressional approval, would tear down trade barriers and
encourage investment between the countries that signed it. Critics worry it
would cost jobs by exposing American workers to low-wage competition from
countries such as Vietnam. They also say it would allow multinational
corporations to challenge local laws by saying they violate the trade deal.

Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch, which opposes the TPP, released a
pre-emptive report earlier this month, arguing that previous commission reports
on pending trade agreements have proven "dramatically inaccurate" - and overly
optimistic.

The advocacy group says the ITC missed by a wide margin the trade deficits that
followed the 2000 deal that brought China into the World Trade Organization and
a 2011 free-trade agreement with South Korea. The ITC also underestimated the
large trade deficits with Mexico that came after the 1993 North American Free
Trade Agreement.

The countries that agreed to the pact last October are Australia, Brunei,
Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, the United
States and Vietnam. China is not part of the pact. In fact, the U.S. sees the
agreement as a way to counter Chinese influence in Asia. Still, China could join
later.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 18, 2016 Wednesday 10:39 PM GMT

Claim Prince as father? Be ready to give some blood

BYLINE: By KEVIN BURBACH, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


MINNEAPOLIS (AP) - When Prince died suddenly in April, he left behind no known
children. That has his sibling and half siblings lining up in probate court for
their shares of a fortune certain to run into the millions, with great earning
potential. Yet it's still possible that an unknown heir may emerge. A Colorado
prison inmate has already filed a paternity claim, and the Minnesota court
overseeing Prince's estate has set up a process to vet that and any others. Some
questions and answers on paternity claims in Minnesota:

HOW DO WE KNOW IF PRINCE HAD KIDS?

Prince had only one known child, a boy who died in 1996 a week after birth. To
test the claim of anyone who comes forward now, Carver County District Judge
Kevin Eide has authorized genetic testing on a sample of Prince's blood now held
by the medical examiner's office. Eide also granted a request from Bremer Trust,
the special administrator overseeing the estate, to let Bremer set up the
protocol for exactly how to handle claimants. Bremer proposed that those people
submit affidavits backing up their relationship to Prince, and then agree to
blood and genetic testing - at their expense.

HOW DOES THE TESTING WORK?

A court cannot absolutely confirm paternity, but works to establish what's known
as a probability of paternity.

DNA Diagnostics Center, the company the estate special administrator has
proposed using, says on its website that it tests for at least 16 DNA markers in
father and child to produce genetic profiles for each person, and then uses
statistical analysis to calculate probability of paternity. The company claims
accuracy of as much as 99.999 percent.

Such a test would likely be preceded by screening questions such as whether
Prince and the alleged mother spent time together, or whether they and the
alleged child shared a similar blood type, said Judith T. Younger, a University
of Minnesota law professor who isn't involved in the case. She said all the
evidence would lead to a calculation of how likely it is that a claimant is
Prince's biological heir.

"The key to understanding it is when you're testing for paternity, what you're
getting is not a fact, but a probability. And that's the best that we seem able
to do now," Younger said.

HOW LONG WILL THIS LAST?

Judge Eide set a four-month deadline for claims against the estate, which would
be early September. Younger said that's a fairly typical window. Claimants who
file after that might be accepted, she said, but courts typically adhere to the
rules laid out. "I think the court has the power always to make exceptions,"
Younger said. She added that any tests should be done fairly quickly. "It's not
a test that can't be done quite rapidly," she said.

HOW DOES HEIRSHIP IN MINNESOTA WORK?

A person with a verified claim to be Prince's child would zoom to the front of
the line for his estate. In fact, a child would get it all under Minnesota law.
So nothing would go to Prince's sister Tyka Nelson and his five half siblings,
said Susan Link, head of estate planning for the Minneapolis-based Maslon law
firm. "A child would trump the siblings," Link said. Carlin Q. Williams, the
Colorado prison inmate, is the only person so far with a claim pending. His
mother, Marsha Henson, contends that she conceived Williams while having sex
with Prince at a Kansas City, Missouri, hotel in July 1976. Williams has asked
Judge Eide to require the special administrator to first test people who claim
to be Prince's children, and to refrain from testing anyone claiming a more
distant relationship until the first tests are completed and reported. He argues
that testing such claims would be a waste of time and money if a child of
Prince's is confirmed.

WHAT ABOUT OTHER HEIRS BEYOND CHILDREN?

Two claims have come from a woman and a minor claiming to be niece and
grandniece to Prince by virtue of their connection to Duane Nelson Sr., widely
described as Prince's late half brother. Nelson, who died in 2011, is not listed
as a relative in papers filed by Tyka Nelson's lawyers in the probate case. Her
lawyers have declined to clarify why not, citing attorney-client
confidentiality. If Nelson's daughter and granddaughter are proven blood heirs,
they could stand to inherit his share of the estate along with the surviving
siblings.

A Kansas City woman has also claimed to be a half sister.

___

Associated Press writers Steve Karnowski and Doug Glass contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 18, 2016 Wednesday 10:32 PM GMT

Trump unveils list of potential picks for Supreme Court seat

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and MARK SHERMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 960 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on
Wednesday released a list of 11 potential picks to replace Antonin Scalia on the
U.S. Supreme Court, a mix of federal and state judges that appeared tailored to
win over conservatives still skeptical of his candidacy.

The decision to release such a list is highly unusual for a presidential
candidate, and comes as Trump is working to unite a Republican Party fractured
by his candidacy and assuage still-skeptical establishment Republicans who
question his ability to win a general election.

"I have a lot of people that are conservative that really like me, love
everything I stand for, but they really would like to know my view," Trump said
Wednesday in an interview with Fox News, "because perhaps outside of the defense
of our country, perhaps the single most important thing the next president is
going to have to do is pick Supreme Court justices."

The list, which featured several prominent names floated repeatedly on
conservative wish lists to replace Scalia, won immediate praise from those Trump
is trying to win over.

"This list ought to be encouraging to anyone who prioritizes the rule of law,
and I congratulate Mr. Trump on making a very significant policy statement about
his desire to prioritize the future of the Supreme Court," said Carrie Severino
of the Judicial Crisis Network, a group leading the opposition to President
Barack's Obama's pick to replace Scalia, Merrick Garland.

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, a Republican who has refused
to hold a hearing to consider Garland's appointment to the high court, said
Trump has "laid out an impressive list of highly qualified jurists."

"Understanding the types of judges a presidential nominee would select for the
Supreme Court is an important step in this debate so the American people can
have a voice in the direction of the Supreme Court for the next generation," he
said.

Among the judges on Trump's list is Joan Larsen, who serves on the Michigan
Supreme Court. A former law clerk to Scalia, Larson delivered one of the
tributes to the late justice at his memorial service. She served in the Justice
Department office that produced the legal justifications for the enhanced
interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, that critics have called
torture.

"I was surprised," Larson said. "I did see the list and those are incredibly
distinguished jurists and I'm honored to be associated with judges on that list.
It's an incredible list."

Another pick is Don Willett, a justice on the Texas Supreme Court perhaps best
known outside his state for his Twitter account, @justicewillett. Willett has
openly mocked Trump to his more than 35,000 followers, including on Aug. 27,
when he wrote, "Can't wait till Trump rips off his face Mission Impossible-style
& reveals a laughing Ruth Bader Ginsburg."

Mobbed by reporters Wednesday when he showed up at a book signing with Texas
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott just as news of Trump's list was breaking, Willett
giggled at the attention. He said he was "exercising judicial restraint" by
declining to comment.

Trump's list is also notable for the names that don't appear. It omits two of
the biggest stars in the conservative legal world, Judge Brett Kavanaugh of the
federal appeals court in Washington, and former Bush administration Solicitor
General Paul Clement.

Also absent is his former rival, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who clerked for former
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and served as Solicitor General in Texas.

Since Scalia's unexpected death in February, both Trump and his likely
Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, have tried to make the Supreme Court a key
election issue, reminding their supporters that its future is hanging in the
balance of the 2016 election.

If Clinton is elected, Trump told supporters at a rally earlier this month, "You
will have a Supreme Court that will destroy our nation."

"The battle lines have been drawn and the two sides are now clear," said
Marjorie Dannenfelser, head of the anti-abortion group Susan B. Anthony List.
She added the group is "already working to make the case to pro-life voters that
the court matters and must be protected. This is not an election for pro-lifers
to sit out."

Clinton, meanwhile, had warned before Wednesday that Trump's picks for the court
would roll back the rights of individuals and further empower corporations.
Ilyse Hogue, the president of NARAL Pro-Choice America, which has endorsed
Clinton, panned the list as "a woman's worst nightmare."

"Their records reveal a lineup of individuals who would likely overturn Roe v.
Wade if given the chance, gutting what's left of abortion access in this country
and heaping punishment on women," she said.

Trump first said in March that he planned to release a list of potential
justices in an effort to ease concerns about his conservative credentials, which
had come under attack in the heated Republican primary. Among his critics was
Cruz, who ran an ad saying Trump could not be trusted with a Supreme Court
nomination.

It was a rare acknowledgment from Trump that he could be doing more to appease
those in his party who opposed his candidacy.

"I am going to give a list of either five or 10 judges that I will pick, 100
percent pick, that I will put in for nomination," Trump said at an event in Palm
Beach, Florida. "Because some of the people that are against me say: 'We don't
know if he's going to pick the right judge. Supposing he picks a liberal judge
or supposing he picks a pro-choice judge.'"

___

Colvin reported from New Jersey. Associated Press writer Michael Gerstein
reported from Lansing, Michigan.

___

Follow Jill Colvin and Mark Sherman on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/colvinj
and http://twitter.com/shermancourt

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 9:48 PM GMT

Feingold says Johnson trying to fool voters on Trump

BYLINE: By SCOTT BAUER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words

DATELINE: MADISON, Wis.


MADISON, Wis. (AP) - Democrat Russ Feingold accused Wisconsin Republican Sen.
Ron Johnson on Wednesday of trying to fool voters with Washington double-speak
when he says that he supports but does not endorse Donald Trump for president.

Feingold's comments were in response to Johnson saying Sunday that he supports
the presumptive GOP nominee, but that is different from endorsing him.

Johnson and Feingold are in a rematch of their 2010 U.S. Senate race, a closely
watched contest that could help determine whether Republicans maintain majority
control of the Senate.

"People sometimes learn fast political double-speak and the Washington insider
game," Feingold told reporters after a tour of a Madison sewage treatment plant.
"It's the ultimate Washington insider game by trying to fool people by saying
you support somebody but you don't endorse them. These words are kind of close."

Feingold said Johnson should follow the lead of U.S. Rep. Reid Ribble, a
Republican from Wisconsin, and disavow Trump.

"He should use some responsibility and reject this candidacy because America
should come ahead of political party or his own political neck," Feingold said.

Johnson spokesman Brian Reisinger fired back Wednesday.

"Senator Feingold sure does spend a lot of time thinking about political
strategy - he's gotten pretty good at the Washington insider game over 18 years
in D.C.," Reisinger said. "Ron spends his time focused on doing his job for
Wisconsinites, trying to keep America secure, and fighting to protect the
interests of hard-working taxpayers."

Feingold said Johnson's comments are different from his own refusal to say
whether he voted for Sen. Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton in Wisconsin's
presidential primary last month.

"I will support either candidate without reservation,'" Feingold said, adding
that making public who he voted for "doesn't accomplish anything."

"I want to help unify us," Feingold said. "But I won't be mealy mouthed, I won't
be playing games about fully supporting the Democratic nominee, that's the
difference."

Feingold also said he didn't think there was any rush for Sanders to drop out of
the primary.

"The longer they show that both of them are incredibly different from Donald
Trump is not only good for the Democrats it's good for America," Feingold said.
"We'll get it all together in July. ... and there will be plenty of time for a
unified effort to defeat Donald Trump."

He downplayed reports of discord within the party, including a divisive Nevada
Democratic convention that had to be shut down because security could no longer
ensure order Saturday night after some Sanders supporters threw chairs and death
threats were later made against the state party chairwoman.

"Corporations have taken over our democracy, so people are going to have strong
feelings," Feingold said. "And the right to protest is a sacred right in this
country I believe in. And one of the places people protest sometimes is
conventions."

He added: "I never believe in violence or the threat of violence. If it's a
little noisy, that's OK."

___

Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sbauerAP. His work can be
found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/scott-bauer

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 9:36 PM GMT

Trump says his business flourishing since presidential run

BYLINE: By JEFF HORWITZ and CHAD DAY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump has told the government that his myriad
businesses have flourished with rising revenues since his improbable political
success, according to financial documents released Wednesday.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee said revenue at his businesses
grew by $190 million over the past 17 months, and he had $557 million in earned
income.

The Federal Election Commission released the personal financial documents that
Trump filed with the agency. They provide an overview of the billionaire's
assets and revenues and his roles with hundreds of corporate shell companies.

Trump has so far declined to release his tax returns, making it difficult to
confirm financial details. The filing also shows that Trump has invested in some
of the companies that he uses as punching bags on the campaign trail.

The 104-page filing provided little evidence that Trump's combative campaign
hurt his business prospects, despite regular talk of boycotts early in his
campaign.

Though the disclosure overlaps with one he filed last year - making straight
comparisons difficult - revenues from his golf resort businesses are up, with
Trump reporting $306 million in revenues from his courses around the world.

About $132 million of that came from Trump's course in Doral, Florida, up from
$49 million in revenue the year before.

The Mar-a-Lago club, a Trump vacation property and private club that has been a
regular backdrop for campaign events, also saw a big jump. It reported $29
million in revenues, far more than the $16 million reported in Trump's filing
last year.

The Miss Universe Pageant, which Trump sold after his comments on Mexican
immigrants led to a dispute with television networks, went for $49 million. That
was far more than the $5 million to $25 million the pageant was listed as worth
on his financial disclosures from last year.

Trump said late Tuesday that the filing was "the largest in the history of the
FEC" and he praised the timely submission.

Despite promising at various points during the campaign that he would release
his tax returns, Trump has not yet done so. He has said audits by the IRS
prevent him from doing so, and speculated that he was being singled out because
of his strong Christian beliefs.

IRS officials have not said whether they were auditing Trump. They have said
Trump could publicly release his filings even if such an audit was occurring.

The filing also revealed that Trump holds investments in companies like Ford
Motor Co., Apple Inc. and the parent company of the maker of Oreo cookies- all
businesses that he's assailed on the campaign trail for outsourcing, or in
Apple's case, not agreeing to crack into iPhones for federal authorities.

Trump hasn't attacked all of the companies listed in his public financial
disclosure who have also outsourced jobs: Trump has invested in V F Corp and
Thermo Fisher Scientific, both of which moved jobs out of the U.S. in
high-profile outsourcing deals last year.

Trump's personal financial disclosure provides little hint that Trump is winding
down his business ventures amid his presidential run. Trump reported new
licensing and management companies with international names, including ones that
appear to be set up to do business in Kolkata, India, Buenos Aires, Argentina,
and Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.

He also resigned from about one dozen companies since last year, most of which
do not appear to have been active. Among them: companies tied to a failed Trump
-branded condo project south of Tijuana, Mexico; a company tied to the Trump
SoHo high-rise hotel in Manhattan; a licensing company associated with an
Israeli vodka company; and a branding company set up to do business in Dubai,
United Arab Emirates.

Trump has said he would turn over the reins of his business to his children
should he become president.

Smaller but notable details of Trump's business efforts include sales of
"Crippled America," his campaign book published last year. Trump reported that
the book generated between $1 million and $5 million in income.

The skin care line run by his wife, Melania, generated little or no revenue. The
Trump Entrepreneur Initiative, the rebranded name of Trump University, a real
estate seminar firm that has drawn multiple class action lawsuits and a suit by
New York's attorney general, reported $13,000 in income.

___

Associated Press writers Stephen Braun and Eileen Sullivan contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 8:58 PM GMT

Trending: Possible Trump court nominee mocked him on Twitter

BYLINE: By WILL WEISSERT, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Texas


AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - An avid Twitter user, Donald Trump has attracted more than
his fair share of trolls. Now, he may be ready to name one of them to the
Supreme Court.

Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett is on the list of 11 potential high
court justices the presumptive Republican nominee plans to vet to fill the seat
of late Justice Antonin Scalia if he's elected to the White House. The
Republican Willett has a reputation as a strong conservative with an ironic
sense of humor, and his Twitter presence is so pronounced that Texas'
Legislature last year named him honorary "Tweeter Laureate."

One problem, though: Willett has repeatedly used Twitter - and his famously
biting wit - to mock Trump.

Last summer, Willett used his Twitter account, @JusticeWillett, to take a swipe
at Trump's conservatism, tweeting: "Can't wait till Trump rips off his face
Mission Impossible-style & reveals a laughing Ruth Bader Ginsburg." Supreme
Court Justice Ginsburg is famously liberal.

Willett has poked fun at Trump's plan to build a wall the length of the
U.S.-Mexico border and stick Mexico with the bill: "We'll rebuild the Death
Star. It'll be amazing, believe me. And the rebels will pay for it."

And he laughed about the controversy over Trump University: "Low-energy Trump
University has never made it to #MarchMadness. Or even to the #NIT. Sad!"

Willett was also fond of using props to reinforce his displeasure with Trump,
like a weeping religious icon over the message "Trump to 'the evangelicals' __
'I'll be the best thing that's ever happened to them.'" Willett added a
postscript to that message: "Happy Easter everyone!"

He also gleefully tweeted a chart featuring the separation of the three branches
of government after a February Republican debate, when Trump mistakenly spoke
about Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito "signing" a bill.

Willett even used an unflattering haiku to scoff at whom Trump might name to the
Supreme Court - which could be himself, as it turns out.

Mobbed by reporters Wednesday when he showed up at a Texas Republican Gov. Greg
Abbott's book signing in Austin just as news of Trump's high court short list
was breaking, Willett giggled at the attention. He said he was "exercising
judicial restraint" by not commenting and left.

Meanwhile, Willett began trending on certain corners of Twitter, as word of his
past Trump criticism on social media spread.

Willett was appointed to Texas' highest civil court in August 2005 by then-Gov.
Rick Perry, who ran for president against Trump and was also one of his harshest
critics - but now says he's changed his mind. Willett won re-election to
six-year terms in 2006 and 2012.

"I'm the most avid judicial tweeter in America, which is like being the tallest
Munchkin in Oz," Willett told The Associated Press last year, after the state
Legislature saluted his social media prowess.

Willett sometimes tweets 10-plus times per day, but insisted then that he is
ever-cautious, careful not to discuss issues that could come before his court.
That same restraint might have served him well when it came to Trump's potential
Supreme Court.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 8:25 PM GMT

A look at Trump's Supreme Court picks

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for
president, has released a list of 11 potential Supreme Court justices from which
he would draw a nominee to fill the seat of late Justice Antonin Scalia. The
news comes as Trump works to bring together a fractured Republican Party and
earn the trust of still-skeptical establishment Republicans who question his
electability.

The campaign's statement emphasized that the list was compiled "first and
foremost, based on constitutional principles, with input from highly respected
conservatives and Republican Party leadership." They still must pass muster with
the conservatives who propelled Trump to the brink of the GOP presidential
nomination.

Here's a look at the bench of people Trump would consider nominating:

STEVEN COLLOTON, Iowa

The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Republican
President George W. Bush in 2003. Educated at Princeton and Yale universities,
Colloton is a former federal prosecutor for the Southern District of Iowa and
clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist.

___

ALLISON EID, Colorado

The associate justice of the Colorado Supreme Court has served in the seat since
2006, when she was appointed by former Republican Gov. Bill Owens and retained
by the voters in 2011. Educated at the University of Chicago, Eid is a former
state solicitor general and clerked for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.

___

RAYMOND GRUENDER, Missouri

The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Bush in 2004. He is
a former federal prosecutor and received his law degree and a master's degree in
business from Washington University of St. Louis.

___

THOMAS HARDIMAN, Pennsylvania

The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Bush and confirmed
to that seat in 2007. Bush also appointed him U.S. District Court judge for the
Western District of Pennsylvania in 2003. He was schooled at the University of
Notre Dame and Georgetown University.

___

RAYMOND KETHLEDGE, Michigan

The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was first nominated by Bush in 2006,
but due to a backup of judicial nominations in the Senate, was not confirmed
until 2008. He worked as a counsel to former Sen. Spencer Abraham, R-Mich., and
clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy. He received a law degree from the
University of Michigan.

___

JOAN LARSEN, Michigan

The associate justice of the Michigan Supreme Court was a law professor when she
was appointed last year by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder. She received her law
degree from Northwestern University. Earlier in her career, she was assistant
attorney general in the Justice Department and clerked for Justice Antonin
Scalia. After Scalia's death, she wrote that Scalia's passing "leaves a giant
void in the court and in the intellectual discourse over the law. It is
difficult to imagine anyone filling the gap."

___

THOMAS LEE, Utah

The associate justice of the Utah Supreme Court was appointed by Republican Gov.
Gary Herbert in 2010. He is the brother of U.S. Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, a staunch
ally of former GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz. He's also the son of Rex
Lee, a former U.S. solicitor general in President Ronald Reagan's
administration. Lee never served as a judge before Herbert picked him for Utah's
high court. He worked in private practice, and was a deputy assistant attorney
general under Bush and clerked for Thomas. He earned his law degree at the
University of Chicago.

___

WILLIAM PRYOR, Jr. Alabama

The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Bush and confirmed
in 2004. He also is a member of the U.S. Sentencing Commission. His a former
state attorney general and law professor and earned his law degree at Tulane
University.

___

DAVID STRAS, Minnesota

The associate justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court was elected to a six-year
term in 2012. He received his law degree and master's degree in business from
the University of Kansas, and clerked for Thomas.

___

DIANE SYKES, Wisconsin

The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed to the post in 2003 by
Bush and confirmed the following year. She is a former state supreme court judge
and received her law degree from Marquette University.

___

DON WILLETT, Texas

The Texas Supreme Court justice was appointed in 2005 by then-Gov. Rick Perry,
who was one of Trump's many early challengers for the GOP presidential
nomination, and was twice re-elected. He's a former deputy assistant attorney
general in the Justice Department and received his law and master's degrees from
Duke University.

In March, Willett took a swipe at Trump's conservatism, tweeting: "Can't wait
till Trump rips off his face Mission Impossible-style & reveals a laughing Ruth
Bader Ginsburg."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sidebar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 8:13 PM GMT

'NCIS' farewell episode trumps Megyn Kelly's Trump interview

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 142 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Megyn Kelly interviewing Donald Trump couldn't hold a candle to
Michael Weatherly leaving "NCIS" Tuesday night.

The much-anticipated Fox special, "Megyn Kelly Presents," whose guests included
the presumptive GOP presidential nominee, attracted 4.8 million viewers,
according to final Nielsen figures. Its CBS competition at that hour, the season
finale of "NCIS," drew 18.0 million viewers as Weatherly exited the cast after
13 seasons. (He will return come fall, starring in CBS' new drama, "Bull.")

While Kelly boosted Fox's usual audience for that time slot, "NCIS" remained by
far the night's most-watched show.

Besides Trump, guests included Robert Shapiro, Laverne Cox and Michael Douglas
for the first of what is expected to be a series of "Megyn Kelly Presents"
specials with the popular host of Fox News Channel's "The Kelly File."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 7:56 PM GMT

Trump just 76 delegates short of clinching GOP nomination

BYLINE: By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 124 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump is within 76 delegates of clinching the
Republican nomination for president with his win in the Oregon primary.

With no one else left in the race, the only question is which state will put him
over the top. He might have to wait until June 7, the last day for primaries.

The New York billionaire has won at least 18 delegates in Oregon, though there
were significant votes for candidates who have quit the race. Ohio Gov. John
Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz won at least four delegates apiece. There are two
delegates left to be allocated.

Oregon allocates delegates in proportion to the statewide vote, so anyone
getting more than 3.5 percent of the vote gets delegates.

Trump has 1,161 delegates. It takes 1,237 to win.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 6:59 PM GMT

US intelligence: Foreign hackers spying on campaigns

BYLINE: By DEB RIECHMANN, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 904 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The United States sees evidence of hackers, possibly working
for foreign governments, snooping on the presidential candidates, the nation's
intelligence chief said Wednesday. Government officials are assisting the
campaigns to tighten security as the race for the White House intensifies.

The activity follows the pattern set in the last two presidential elections.
Hacking was rampant in 2008, according to U.S. intelligence officials, and both
President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney were targets of Chinese cyberattacks four
years later. Nevertheless, cyber experts say Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's
campaign networks aren't secure enough to eliminate the risk.

"We've already had some indications" of hacking, James Clapper, director of
national intelligence, said Wednesday at the Bipartisan Policy Center in
Washington. He said the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security were helping
educate the campaigns.

Of the attacks, Clapper predicted, "we'll probably have more."

The revelation comes after Clapper's office released a document this month
saying foreign intelligence services tracked the 2008 presidential election
cycle "like no other." The document was in a slide show used to warn incoming
Obama administration officials that their new jobs could make them prey for
spies.

Eight years ago, foreign intelligence services "met with campaign contacts and
staff, used human source networks for policy insights, exploited technology to
get otherwise sensitive data, engaged in perception management to influence
policy," it said. "This exceeded traditional lobbying and public diplomacy."

Jonathan Lampe with InfoSec Institute, a private information security company in
Chicago, said security hasn't improved significantly since then.

In October, he evaluated the security of 16 candidates' websites and wrote a
pair of reports. Using the reconnaissance skills of a casual hacker, Lampe
pulled full lists of site user names and technologies used on most sites. In
some cases, he discovered which directories were accessible from the Internet
and which weren't. He learned the software products Clinton's campaign used from
a job posting soliciting a computer-wise staffer.

"Everybody was sitting with their pants down and by the time we looked at the
sites in March, everybody had made fixes," Lampe said.

But countries are probably still snooping, he said: "The sites were open enough
back in October that anyone who grabbed the information then and wanted to use
it, could still use it now."

Some threats are publicly known.

The international group of activists and hackers known as Anonymous has declared
cyberwar on Donald Trump, urging supporters to take down his website and expose
private information. Weeks ago, a masked figure appeared on YouTube, saying,
"Dear Donald Trump, we have been watching you for a long time and what we see is
deeply disturbing."

The New York billionaire probably has the largest "attack surface" of the
candidates, said John Dickson of the Denim Group, a San Antonio developer of
secure software. "If it's the Bernie Sanders campaign, it's probably one
website. If it's Donald Trump, it's his entire empire."

Dickson and other experts said they weren't privy to any incidents of foreign
hacking of the campaigns. But as the political conventions and general election
near, they worry about a well-timed, sophisticated attack by a government to
help a candidate.

"Think of the Chinese. Think of the Iranians. They have the intelligence
capabilities, obviously, and maybe even the desire to disrupt elections,"
Dickson said.

At the least, he said it must be taken for granted that foreign governments are
trying to learn more about the candidates. "You would hope that the CIA is doing
the same thing," he said. Indeed, the U.S. spies on allies and adversaries for
political and commercial information.

The Clinton and Trump campaigns didn't respond to questions about cybersecurity.

Dickson said the campaigns focused more on computer security because of the
investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of
state, and a breach of voter data at the Democratic National Committee. Last
year, Sanders apologized after his campaign improperly gained access to the
campaign data of his Democratic rival, and he fired a data director.

V. Newton Miller, chief executive officer of Milwaukee-based PKWARE, which
provides encryption software and advises federal agencies on data security, said
foreign spying on campaign sites was inevitable.

"These campaigns are not working on encrypted platforms," he said. "It's a
matter of when and how serious of an impact it is going to have on this
election."

Foreign hackers are more interested in sensitive, revealing emails and reports,
especially with the unprecedented mudslinging of this campaign, rather than acts
of cyber vandalism, Miller and other experts said.

"If they shut down a candidate's website," Miller said, "so what? It impacts
fundraising for 24 to 48 hours."

Hackers sabotaged a website for Romney's presidential campaign for a few hours
in 2012, costing the campaign potential donations.

In the 2008 race, Obama and the Republican candidate, Sen. John McCain, were
targeted.

One letter obtained by hackers showed McCain expressing support for Taiwan.
China's government presumably backed the hack. A Chinese diplomat called the
campaign to complain about the letter - before it was even sent.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 5:58 PM GMT

Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump releases list of 11 potential
nominees to U.S. Supreme Court

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 21 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump releases list
of 11 potential nominees to U.S. Supreme Court .

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 5:36 PM GMT

Charge dismissed against New Jersey man who flew Trump flags

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: WEST LONG BRANCH, N.J.


WEST LONG BRANCH, N.J. (AP) - A judge on Wednesday dismissed charges against a
New Jersey man who faced a fine for flying flags supporting Donald Trump.

Joseph Hornick was ticketed in March for violating an ordinance that restricts
the display of political signs until 30 days before an election. New Jersey's
primary is June 7.

The town considered the flags supporting the Republican presidential candidate
the same as political lawn signs, acting borough administrator Lori Cole said.

Hornick's lawyer argued the ordinance was vague on whether it also applied to
flags.

Judge Louis Garippo Jr. agreed, calling the law "somewhat vague." He said he was
dismissing the case "in the interest of justice."

The state's chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union joined the dispute,
saying people have the right to express their political beliefs every day.

Hornick had faced a minimum fine of $100. The maximum penalty is a fine of
$2,000, 90 days in jail or both.

"Let the flags fly. Let 'em fly," Hornick said afterward, according to NJ.com.
"You take my freedom away, I'd rather sit in jail, bottom line."

Hornick's attorney, Eric Sherman, said the borough council is now in the process
of drawing up a new ordinance that addresses the issue of the clutter of
political signs without infringing on rights.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 5:20 PM GMT

Trump comes to financial rescue for Christie, NJ GOP

BYLINE: By MICHAEL CATALINI, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J.


TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump is helping dig former
rival Chris Christie and the New Jersey Republican Party out of big debt they
incurred from the George Washington Bridge scandal and the governor's
presidential campaign.

Trump on Thursday will attend a $25,000-per-person fundraiser for the state GOP
to help it pay off about $500,000 incurred in legal fees responding to
legislative subpoenas in the bridge scandal. Trump and Christie will headline
the event as well as a separate, $200 per-person fundraiser to pay down
Christie's roughly $250,000 presidential campaign debt.

"Governor Christie has been very supportive of Mr. Trump," said Trump
spokeswoman Hope Hicks. "Mr. Trump looks forward to raising money for the
Governor and spending time with the great people of New Jersey on Thursday
night."

The hand-in-hand fund raising help is a sharp turnabout from five months ago,
when Trump said Christie "totally knew" that some of his allies had shut down
access lanes to bridge to retaliate against a Democratic mayor who wouldn't
support Christie's re-election, as prosecutors allege. Two former Christie
allies have pleaded not guilty to federal wire fraud and civil rights charges.
Christie has not been charged and denies involvement.

Christie has since folded his presidential campaign and taken the big political
risk of endorsing Trump, and the billionaire has tapped the governor to head his
White House transition team.

Now Trump, eager to show support for the Republican Party, is making what some
members of the GOP see as a helpful gesture.

"We certainly take it as a demonstration of their long and deep friendship,"
said Bill Palatucci, a long-time Christie adviser and New Jersey Republican
National Committeeman. "Whether it's a thank-you or not, we appreciate it
nonetheless."

The events, both held at the National Guard Armory in Lawrenceville, are
expected to draw roughly 1,000 people for the presidential debt fundraiser and
15 to 20 for the state party fundraiser, Palatucci said. The fundraisers, he
says, are expected to retire the debt almost entirely, if not completely.

Trump is coming to New Jersey as the bridge scandal is in headlines again this
week after a federal appeals court delayed the release of a list of unindicted
co-conspirators in the scheme sought by media organizations, including The
Associated Press.

New Jersey taxpayers have spent more than $10 million for legal services for the
Christie administration. Christie's 2013 gubernatorial campaign also still owes
nearly $1 million for legal services. None of the money raised Thursday will go
toward those costs, according to Palatucci.

Asked about the fundraisers this week by a reporter, Christie shook his head and
laughed but refused to comment.

Hicks did not address whether Trump still believes Christie knew about the lane
closures.

In recent comments Christie has highlighted his friendship with Trump, which
goes back more than a decade, and insisted support doesn't stem from political
expediency.

"This is not like some political marriage," Christie said. "This is a guy I've
known and been friends with for 14 years."

The state party is praising Trump ahead of his first visit to the state since he
has become the presumptive nominee.

"We are proud that Mr. Trump has shown his commitment to growing our party here
in New Jersey," said Pete Sheridan, executive director of the Republican State
Committee.

Christie's presidential campaign was a magnet for New Jersey Republicans with
most of the party establishment backing him. He raised nearly $4 million from
New Jersey donors, far more than any other Republican candidate, according to
federal records. That produced a squeeze on contributors, which likely cost
other Republicans running for office in the state, according to political
experts.

"It really created a vacuum in the last years," Montclair State University
political science professor Brigid Harrison said. "There was this kind of
sucking from New Jersey donors to his campaign at the cost of down-ballot
candidates."

___

Follow Mike Catalini on Twitter at: http://www.twitter.com/@mikecatalini

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 5:15 PM GMT

In lieu of flowers: Families reveal political hopes in obits

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 279 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, Va.


RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - In a heated election season filled with seemingly endless
political bickering, some among the dearly departed are getting the last word,
leaving behind their requests for voters this fall.

Obituaries published during the past several months have included commentary
from both sides of the political spectrum, with families feeling it fitting to
include their loved ones' final political wishes.

Last week in Alabama, relatives of 34-year-old Katherine Michelle Hinds,
published an obituary that included, "In lieu of flowers, do not vote for Donald
Trump."

Hinds' mother, Susan Pool, said her daughter did not like the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee and feared for the future for her three young
children if he's elected. Pool never talked to her daughter about the
possibility of including an anti-Trump message in her obituary, she said, but
knows she would have liked it.

Just before dying earlier this month, Carl Crocetti, of Stoughton,
Massachusetts, told his companion he wanted Donald Trump to be president. The
Enterprise of Brockton, Massachusetts, reported his family tried to honor that
wish by wrapping up his obituary with the request "that people elect NOT to vote
for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election in November."

The family of Mary Anne Alfriend Noland told WWBT-TV in Richmond, Virginia, that
they used the campaign to pass along her sense of humor, by suggesting death may
be preferable to choosing sides this fall.

Her obituary, published Monday , reads, "Faced with the prospect of voting for
either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton, Mary Anne Noland of Richmond chose,
instead, to pass into the eternal love of God."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 5:12 PM GMT

Fritz Stern, prominent historian and academic, dead at 90

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Fritz Stern, a refugee from Nazi Germany who became a prominent
historian, government adviser and a longtime professor at Columbia University,
has died. He was 90.

Katrin Maria Daehn, a spokeswoman for Stern's German publisher, C.H. Beck, told
The Associated Press that Stern died Wednesday at his home in New York City. She
had no additional details.

He was born in the former German province of Silesia (now in Poland) to a
prominent family that had converted from Judaism to Christianity. But the Sterns
felt increasingly menaced by Hitler's reign and left in 1938 for New York, where
he received an undergraduate and master's degree and Ph.D. from Columbia. He
taught there for more than 40 years, specializing in European history, before
retiring in 1997. He also briefly served as provost.

In books, essays, interviews and lectures, he probed the rise of Nazism and the
threats to democracy: On occasion, he advised government officials. In the early
1990s, he was among the experts asked to consult with then-British Prime
Minister Margaret Thatcher on German reunification, which he supported. In 1993,
he took a leave absence from Columbia after being appointed a senior aide to his
friend Richard Holbrooke, the U.S. ambassador to Germany.

In a message of condolence Wednesday to Stern's widow, Elisabeth Sifton, German
President Joachim Gauck described Stern as "a historian of great erudition and a
wise, great person." His survivors include Sifton, his second wife; two children
and three stepchildren, among them New York Times editor Sam Sifton.

"Fritz Stern rightly demanded of us Germans that the crimes against the Jews be
preserved in our collective memory, to honor the victims, to learn from this
rupture of civilization, and to develop standards for shaping the present,"
Gauck wrote. He added that Stern "served peace by building bridges of
understanding between times and people" and pointed to his interest in
reconciliation between Germans and Poles.

Sifton, the daughter of theologian Reinhold Neibuhr, has worked as an editor and
publisher at Viking Penguin, Alfred A. Knopf and Farrar, Straus & Giroux and is
author of "The Serenity Prayer: Faith and Politics in Times of Peace and War."

Stern's books included "The Politics of Cultural Despair," ''The Failure of
Illiberalism" and "Five Germanys I Have Known." He also was a frequent
commentator on current events. In a 2004 speech, he spoke of parallels between
the Nazis and the Christian right. Earlier this year, he told The History News
Network that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was a
symptom of the "dumbing down of the country."

"When I arrived in this country, Franklin Roosevelt was the president," he said.
"That someone like Trump, who is a nobody except for his money, immense ambition
and ugliness, is not only offering himself but is actually accepted by many
people as a candidate, is simply incomprehensible."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 5:05 PM GMT

Democrats pressure Sanders as rift threatens party

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - After months when the story of the 2016 presidential campaign
focused on divided Republicans, Democrats are now showcasing divisions in their
ranks.

Simmering tensions between Bernie Sanders backers and other Democrats, including
party leaders, burst into the open following an ugly fracas at the Nevada
Democratic Party convention over the weekend instigated by Sanders' supporters.
When top Democratic Party leaders pressured Sanders to denounce the night of
chair throwing and alleged death threats he responded with defiance, terming
some complaints "nonsense" and reminding the party: "Millions of Americans are
outraged at establishment politics."

Sanders continued in that tone Tuesday night after he defeated front-runner
Hillary Clinton in Oregon's primary and fought her to a neck-and-neck outcome in
Kentucky. Clinton declared victory in Kentucky, but the race was too close to
call with a margin of just one-half of 1 percent separating the two Democrats.

"The Democratic Party is going to have to make a very, very profound and
important decision," he said during a rally in Carson, California. "It can do
the right thing and open its doors and welcome into the party people who are
prepared to fight for real economic and social change. ... I say to the
leadership of the Democratic Party, open the doors, let the people in."

Sanders also warned of "a very sad and tragic option" for the party: "to choose
to maintain its status quo structure, remain dependent on big-money campaign
contributions and be a party with limited participation and limited energy. And
a party which incredibly is allowing a right-wing extremist Republican Party to
capture the votes of the majority of working people in this country."

Notwithstanding the outcomes in Oregon and Kentucky, Clinton remains a nearly
prohibitive favorite in the delegate count and Sanders has no clear path to
victory, especially with voting looming in early June in Clinton-friendly
California and New Jersey.

That situation is creating frustration on both sides. Sanders backers chafe at
party rules they contend are sidelining their candidate, and leading Democrats
comment increasingly openly about the need for unity to defeat Donald Trump, who
is making a turn to the general election that Sanders' continued candidacy is
complicating for Clinton.

"Sen. Sanders and all candidates should really focus on keeping this at a
reasonable discourse level, and yes, I am concerned if our party becomes labeled
with the notion that we have this kind of violence," said Sen. Dick Durbin,
D-Ill., the No. 2 Senate Democrat.

Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., alarmed at the events in his home
state on Saturday, finally succeeded in reaching Sanders by phone around midday
Tuesday. Reid told reporters he impressed upon Sanders his concerns about the
events in Las Vegas, including sexist and profane threats against party
chairwoman Roberta Lange. "This is a test of leadership as we all know, and I'm
hopeful and very confident Sen. Sanders will do the right thing," said Reid.

Yet within minutes Sanders released a defiant statement that, far from
apologizing for anything his supporters did, repeated their complaints in detail
and schooled Democratic leaders about the anti-establishment mood in the
country.

"Our campaign of course believes in nonviolent change and it goes without saying
that I condemn any and all forms of violence, including the personal harassment
of individuals," Sanders said, while arguing it was "nonsense" for the Nevada
Democratic Party to allege that some of his supporters had a "penchant for
extra-parliamentary behavior - indeed actual violence."

"Our campaign has held giant rallies all across this country, including in high
crime areas, and there have been zero reports of violence," he said.

That statement angered Reid and other Democrats.

"Bernie should say something and not have some silly statement. Bernie is better
than that," Reid told a reporter in comments released by his office. "He should
say something about this, not have some statement someone else prepared for
him."

The Nevada party released a statement contending Sanders' campaign was being
"dishonest" about the events in Las Vegas.

It comes as Donald Trump is wrapping up the nomination on the Republican side,
yet Democrats remain divided and now some fear that Sanders' supporters are
starting to mimic backers of Trump in their sexist and aggressive behavior.

Democrats also fear that the unrest in Nevada could be a taste of what is to
come at the Democratic Party convention in Philadelphia this summer.

Stephanie Schriock, president of EMILY's List, an influential political
committee devoted to electing women that is backing Clinton, said in a
statement: "These disgraceful attacks are straight out of the Donald Trump
playbook, and Bernie Sanders is the only person who can put a stop to them.
Sanders needs to both forcefully denounce and apologize for his supporters'
unacceptable behavior - not walk away."

Leading Democrats still stopped short of calling on Sanders to abandon his
campaign, at least in public, training their concerns on the violence at the
Nevada convention.

___

Associated Press writers Mary Clare Jalonick and Ken Thomas in Washington and
Michelle Rindels in Las Vegas contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 4:31 PM GMT

Trump's sister won't hear New Jersey bridge scandal argument

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 136 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Donald Trump's sister will not be a part of a federal
appeals court panel hearing arguments regarding the release of a list of
unindicted co-conspirators in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing
scandal.

The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia delayed the release of the
list on Tuesday and set a June 6 hearing.

The court announced Wednesday that judges Thomas Ambro, Kent Jordan and Anthony
Scirica will hear 15 minutes of arguments from a group of media organizations
including The Associated Press and from a lawyer representing an anonymous
person on the list seeking to block its release.

Two former allies of Republican Gov. Chris Christie have been indicted and face
trial this fall. A third pleaded guilty.

Maryanne Trump Barry is one of the 24 judges on the 3rd Circuit.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 4:24 PM GMT

Complex US politics of trade will follow Obama to Asia

BYLINE: By NANCY BENAC, Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 834 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - When Republican Donald Trump complains about unfair trade
partners, he often singles out Vietnam - "hot as a pistol right now" and "the
new one just killing us."

And when Democrat Bernie Sanders warns about the perils of global trade deals,
he rarely misses a chance to say Americans shouldn't have to compete against
Vietnamese workers earning 65 cents an hour.

But when President Barack Obama talks up the benefits of new trade deals, he
holds out commerce with Vietnam as an example of the potential benefits of
globalization.

Those complex politics of trade - casting Vietnam as trading bad-boy or target
of opportunity - will be in the spotlight next week as Obama visits Hanoi and Ho
Chi Minh City to push a trans-Pacific trade deal that would cover nearly 40
percent of the global economy.

Vietnam is the first stop on a weeklong Obama trip designed to showcase the
president's commitment to the Asia-Pacific region and to strengthen ties to
fast-growing Asian economies in what Obama says is "an age of global supply
chains, and cargo ships that crisscross oceans, and online commerce that can
render borders obsolete."

On his 10th trip to the Asia-Pacific region as president, Obama also will
participate in a summit of the Group of Seven leading industrialized nations in
Japan's Ise-Shima region and make a historic visit to Hiroshima, seven decades
after the U.S. dropped the atomic bomb there that ushered in the nuclear age.
Obama will be the first sitting president to visit Hiroshima.

The president's overarching message about trade - embracing rather than fearing
globalization - will be competing against counter-programming in the cacophonous
2016 presidential campaign to select his successor. Trump's denunciations of
"stupid" U.S. trade deals that hurt U.S. workers have been a big selling point
in his successful march to the brink of the GOP presidential nomination.

Sanders and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton also oppose the
Trans-Pacific Partnership, although Sanders is far more vocal about it than
Clinton. Sanders argues that international trade deals are set up to benefit
corporate America at the expense of U.S. workers "forced to compete against
people in Vietnam today making a minimum wage of 65 cents an hour."

Deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes, taking note of the heated trade
debate in the presidential race, says many other countries, too, are "wrestling
with reactions to globalization and fears of further globalization."

The administration's goal - and challenge - is to put those fears to rest by
arguing that negotiators learned from the weaknesses in past trade deals and
worked to make this one more robust in promoting high standards in labor, the
environment and more, says Rhodes.

The 12-nation trans-Pacific trade deal was signed last February but ratification
by Congress remains in doubt, with the heated political climate making
congressional leaders reluctant to take the matter up even in the lame-duck
session after the November elections. Japan, too, has been holding back on
ratification, and keeping an eye out for movement in Washington. About 80
percent of the trade covered by the trans-Pacific deal would be between Japan
and the U.S.

Vietnam, meanwhile, has been seen as a rising star among developing Asian
nations, albeit with hiccups, offering huge potential for U.S. markets. The
Vietnamese government forecasts its economy will grow between 6.5 percent and 7
percent a year for the next five years. The Obama administration sees big
potential in what is now a lopsided trading picture: U.S. imports from Vietnam
totaled nearly $38 billion in 2015, compared to U.S. exports to Vietnam of about
$7 billion.

While Sanders argues against sacrificing U.S. jobs to low-wage workers in
Vietnam and elsewhere, the Obama administration stresses provisions of the trade
deal that would allow U.S. business and workers to compete more evenly with
those in other nations. Vietnam has adopted some laws to improve legal
protections for citizens and has agreed to allow independent labor unions,
currently forbidden, under a labor agreement that takes effect once the
Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, is ratified.

Beyond the benefits of fairer trade, the White House says U.S. allies are
watching the trade debate for evidence of a broader American commitment to the
Asia-Pacific region at a time when Trump's talk of an "America first" foreign
policy is all over the headlines.

"Many in Asia have come to think that maybe they can't depend on us, that we're
withdrawing, and that feeling may be worse in this presidential election year, "
says Professor Jeffrey Frankel of Harvard University's Kennedy School of
Government. "The international relations aspect of this is if we don't pass TPP,
Asians are going to interpret it as a U.S. withdrawal from their region. And
they're going to get closer to China."

___

AP Writer Matthew Pennington contributed to this report.

___

Follow Nancy Benac on Twitter at http://twitter.com/nbenac

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:08 PM GMT

Ivanka Trump: My father is 'not a groper'

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 293 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Ivanka Trump is defending her father Donald against charges that
he mistreats women, insisting that the presumptive Republican presidential
nominee is "not a groper."

Ivanka Trump, who has been one of her father's most effective surrogates, was
interviewed Wednesday on "CBS This Morning" and pressed about recent allegations
from several women about her father's behavior.

The candidate's daughter denied that Trump frequently comments on women's bodies
and appearances. She also said she did not believe a claim that her father had
groped a woman in a business meeting.

"Well, look, I'm-- I'm not in every interaction my father has," said Ivanka
Trump. "But he's not a groper. It's not who he is."

Ivanka Trump had previously voted for and donated to Hillary Clinton. She says
she believes Clinton is now making gender a major factor in the race and that
she wouldn't vote for someone solely because of gender.

As Trump prepared to take on Hillary Clinton in the general election, his past
treatment of women has come under renewed scrutiny and several polls have him
with poor approval ratings with women. Ivanka Trump ducked questions as to
whether it was appropriate for Bill Clinton's infidelities to be campaign trail
fodder, saying "You will have to ask my father about it." But she insisted that
Clinton was also making gender a major factor in the race.

"I think she's using gender as well," Ivanka Trump said. "I'm not going to
advocate for a female leader who I'm voting for solely on the basis of gender.
And I think a lot of people feel that way."

Ivanka Trump - who has a successful apparel line and, along with her two
brothers, has largely run her father's business during the campaign - had
previously voted for and donated to Clinton.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:02 PM GMT

Sanders wins Oregon, battles Clinton in Ky.; Trump wins Ore.

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Bernie Sanders won Oregon's presidential primary and battled
Hillary Clinton to a razor-thin margin in Kentucky, vowing to stay in the race
until the end as Clinton aimed to blunt his momentum and prepare for a fall
campaign against Republican Donald Trump.

Tuesday's primary in Kentucky was too close to call with Clinton leading Sanders
by less than one-half of 1 percent. Closing in on the Democratic nomination,
Clinton declared victory in Kentucky nonetheless, telling her supporters on
Twitter: "We're always stronger united."

Trump won the GOP's Oregon primary, the only Republican contest on Tuesday. In a
sign of his pivot into the general election, his campaign announced that it had
signed a joint fundraising agreement with the Republican National Committee that
will allow it to raise cash for both his campaign and other Republican efforts.

After months of discord within the GOP, Democrats displayed new signs that it
could have trouble uniting around Clinton's candidacy as Sanders plows through
the end of the primary calendar in mid-June. Sanders will need to win about
two-thirds of the remaining pledged delegates to end the primary season in a tie
but is not letting up.

"Before we will have the opportunity to defeat Donald Trump, we're going to have
to defeat Secretary Clinton," Sanders said Tuesday night to cheers in Carson,
California.

Clinton ended the night with a commanding lead of 279 pledged delegates over
Sanders and a dominant advantage among party officials and elected leaders known
as superdelegates.

The outcomes in Kentucky and Oregon, where Sanders led by 9 percentage points
with roughly three-quarters of the vote counted, did not dramatically change the
delegate count. The former secretary of state remains on track to clinch the
nomination on June 7 in the New Jersey primary.

But Tuesday's elections followed a divisive weekend state party convention in
Nevada in which supporters of Sanders were accused of tossing chairs and making
death threats against the Nevada party chairwoman at the event in Las Vegas.
Supporters argued that party leadership had rigged the results of the convention
in favor of Clinton.

In a sign of the tensions between the two sides, Sanders issued a defiant
statement Tuesday dismissing complaints from Nevada Democrats as "nonsense" and
said his supporters were not being treated with "fairness and respect."

Later, in California, Sanders said the party could "do the right thing and
welcome into the party people who are prepared to fight for real economic and
social change." He said the other option would be to "maintain its status quo
structure, remain dependent on big-money campaign contributions and be a party
with limited participation and limited energy."

Sanders pointed to polls that show him in a stronger head-to-head matchup
against Trump than Clinton. With his win in Oregon, the billionaire businessman
now has 1,160 delegates, putting him within 77 delegates of clinching the
Republican nomination.

Trump had 67 percent of the vote in Oregon with about a quarter of the vote left
to be counted. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich both got about 16
percent of the vote.

For Democrats, Clinton and Sanders will each pick up at least 25 delegates in
Kentucky with five delegates remaining to be allocated pending final vote
tallies. In Oregon, Sanders will receive at least 28 delegates and Clinton will
get at least 24 of the 61 delegates at stake.

Overall, Clinton leads Sanders among pledged delegates, 1,767-1,488. When
superdelegates are included, Clinton's lead grows to 2,291 to Sanders' 1,528.
Clinton is now just 92 delegates short of the 2,383 needed to win.

The Sanders campaign did not immediately say whether it will challenge the
results in Kentucky, which does not have an automatic recount.

Clinton campaigned in Kentucky on Sunday and Monday in an effort to break up
Sanders' momentum after his recent victories in Indiana and West Virginia. She
pointed to the economic gains under the administration of her husband, former
President Bill Clinton, who is the last Democrat to carry the state in a
presidential election.

Nearing the end of a long primary slog, the two Democratic candidates are
preparing for June 7 primaries in California, New Jersey and four other states
and then the District of Columbia primary on June 14.

When pledged delegates and superdelegates are combined, Clinton is now about 96
percent of the way toward securing the Democratic nomination.

___

Associated Press writers Nicholas Riccardi in Denver, Catherine Lucey in
Paducah, Kentucky, and Michelle Rindels in Las Vegas contributed to this report.

___

Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/KThomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 1:56 PM GMT

Trump and frequent target Megyn Kelly call a truce

BYLINE: By JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly appear to have called a truce.

The two sat down for a much-ballyhooed interview that was the culmination - at
least for now - of the frequent sparring between the now-presumptive Republican
presidential nominee and one of the biggest stars on the conservative-friendly
Fox News Channel. It was taped last month and aired Tuesday night on the Fox
broadcast network.

Their fight began last August, in the first GOP debate, when Kelly lobbed
several tough questions at Trump, including one about how he has publicly talked
about women. Trump escalated the feud over Twitter for months.

But the brash celebrity businessman appeared somewhat sheepish in the interview
when Kelly asked him about some of the insults he tweeted - or retweeted - her
way, frequently including "bimbo."

"Uh, that was a retweet. Did I say that?" Trump asked.

"Many times," Kelly responded.

"Ooooh. OK," said Trump, who insisted that he didn't want his followers
bombarding Kelly with ugly social media posts.

Kelly made a clandestine visit to the Trump Tower in April to negotiate the
interview.

Trump praised her for that, saying he had "great respect" for Kelly's
willingness to make the initial approach. He also turned, at times, somewhat
introspective, saying "he could have done without" his retweet of a post that
mocked the appearance of Heidi Cruz, the wife of former rival Ted Cruz.

"The thing that gets me in trouble is the retweet," Trump said. "The retweet is
really more of a killer than a tweet. I seem to do pretty well with the real
tweet."

But he largely defended his attacks as counter-punching and "not bullying."

"When I'm wounded, I go after people hard. I try to un-wound myself," said Trump
.

"I'm responding," he added. "Now, I then respond times 10, I don't know. I then
respond pretty strongly."

At the conclusion of the interview, Trump tweeted "Well done Megyn - and they
all lived happily ever after!" But he told Kelly that he sometimes stays angry
and appeared to hint that their feud could re-ignite someday.

"This could happen again with us," he said.

But the proceedings clearly lacked any of the fiery denunciations Trump has been
lobbing at Kelly since the night of the first debate, beginning with a tweet
that declared Kelly was "not very good or professional."

The relationship only worsened from there. Trump skipped the second Fox
News-sponsored debate because of Kelly (though he attended the third) and kept
up a steady stream of insults on Twitter. He unleashed screeds about her "dopey
lies" and how her show was better when she was on vacation. He later called her
"highly overrated and crazy," retweeted a follower who called her a "bimbo" and
called for a boycott of her show.

Kelly, meanwhile, told Vanity Fair that she could never be intimidated or "be
wooed" by the celebrity businessman and insisted her coverage of Trump was fair.

Even as that largely one-sided feud raged, Trump enjoyed rather warm coverage
from other hosts at Fox News. Kelly is in the final year of her contract with
the network and has been non-committal about returning.

Trump had pledged to live-tweet the taped interview Tuesday night but instead
largely engaged with followers who praised the show, all while insisting the
interview "was not soft at all!" He also posted "I like Michael Douglas!" in
praise of one of the other guests on Kelly's hour-long special.

__

Contact Jonathan Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 1:28 PM GMT

Polish PM wants Bill Clinton's apology for political comment

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: WARSAW, Poland


WARSAW, Poland (AP) - Former U.S. President Bill Clinton should apologize to the
Poles for having said they think "democracy is too much trouble" and want to
have an "authoritarian dictatorship," Poland's prime minister said Wednesday.

Beata Szydlo called Clinton's words "unjustified and simply unfair."

"With all due respect, and without using coarse words (Clinton) exaggerated and
should apologize to us," she told Polish state radio on Wednesday.

Speaking in New Jersey in support of wife Hillary's U.S. presidential campaign,
Clinton said Hungary and Poland "would not be free" if not for the United
States, but "have now decided this democracy is too much trouble."

"They want (Russian President Vladimir) Putin-like leadership. Just give me an
authoritarian dictatorship and keep the foreigners out," he said.

"Sound familiar?" Clinton asked, in apparent reference to campaign statements by
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

A comparison to Putin is especially shocking in Poland, which is very
distrustful and critical of his policies.

Clinton was also referring to Warsaw and Budapest protesting European Union
plans to redistribute some of the tens of thousands of refugees flooding into
Europe and refusing to take in some of them.

The head of Poland's conservative ruling party, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, said Clinton
is misinformed.

"If someone says there is no democracy in Poland today, that means he should
have a medical test," he said.

Some Western politicians say Poland's conservative Law and Justice party, which
won the presidential and the parliamentary elections last year, does threaten
some democratic principles and the rule of law. It has been criticized for the
continuing paralysis of the Constitutional Tribunal, its tighter grip on
state-owned media and allowing greater surveillance powers for police, issues
that have led to massive street protests.

Frank Spula, the head of an organization in Chicago representing some 10 million
Americans of Polish origin, told Polish state radio that Clinton's words "must
sicken anybody who knows the history of Poland and of the Poles."

On Tuesday, Hungary also protested Bill Clinton's words.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 18, 2016 Wednesday 10:36 AM GMT

Poll: Americans more upbeat about own finances than economy

BYLINE: By JOSH BOAK and EMILY SWANSON, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE; Only on AP

LENGTH: 1232 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Americans are of two minds about the economy in the midst of
an election race that largely hinges on the issue. They are strikingly
pessimistic about the national economy yet comparatively upbeat about their own
financial circumstances.

Just 42 percent of adults describe the U.S. economy as good, according to a
survey released Wednesday by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs
Research. But two-thirds say their own households are faring well.

The divide suggests that despite their own financial gains, many people worry
about risks beyond their control - from a volatile stock market to another
economic downturn. Just a third say they'd be very confident of finding another
job if they were laid-off - a sign of vulnerability even though the Great
Recession officially ended nearly seven years ago.

Some of the difference also reflects political views and education levels:
Republicans are far more negative about the economy as President Barack Obama
finishes his second term. And college graduates are more sanguine about a
recovery that rewarded them while largely neglecting workers without college
degrees.

The nation's unemployment rate has reached a healthy 5 percent, and workers' pay
shows tentative signs of accelerating after years of barely budging. Auto sales
hit a record in April. Housing and construction are rebounding. Americans are
treating themselves to more restaurant meals.

But for every gauge of the economy that's pointing up, another has become cause
for unease.

Hospitals have become dominant employers in most cities, yet health care costs
are outpacing pay. Foreign imports have kept clothing and home appliance prices
affordable. But those low-priced imports have cost U.S. jobs that in many cases
haven't been replaced. Across the country, the low-educated are struggling.

And nothing has ignited the robust economic growth that Americans remember
enjoying until the Great Recession struck in late 2007. The United States has
endured a dreary recovery from the worst downturn since the Great Depression.
Just 23 percent of Americans say they think the economy will improve this year.

Some view the slow growth as a sign that the economy has never escaped the
threat of another downturn. For years, they have seen the political class feud
over how to accelerate economic growth and extend more opportunities to people
who have been left out, with little to show for it.

"It's just real shaky right now," said Dorothy Mszanski, 60, a former
steelworker who had to retire on disability. "It's like nobody can figure out
what to do."

Living outside Youngstown, Ohio, Mszanski sees her family's situation as
relatively stable. Her husband works an auto body and paint shop. The couple has
built up retirement savings after years of work and raised three adult children.
Yet Mszanski fears economic risks that could upend their lives.

A stock market crash would deplete her husband's 401(k) account. Her medical
bills could keep soaring to impossible heights, a challenge she is already
straining to handle.

"I've had chronic back pain, and I'm a diabetic and I'm on oxygen 24-7," she
said. "If my medication keeps going up, there will be a time that I won't be
able to afford to eat or buy my medicine. So what are you going to do?"

That anxiety remains rooted in many communities even as Americans see some
economic gains. The more than 40 percent who describe the economy as good
compare with just 26 percent who said so in an October 2013 AP-GfK survey.

Doubts about the economy lie at the heart of the split over which presidential
candidate is best equipped to lead the country: Donald Trump, the real estate
mogul whose aggressive economic nationalism has made him the presumptive
Republican nominee, or Hillary Clinton, the Democratic front-runner who has
campaigned as a get-things-done policymaker.

Sentiments about the economy tend to parallel Americans' political views. With a
Democrat having occupied the White House for seven years, Republicans with a
dislike for Obama's policies tend to express discontent with the economy.

Just 34 percent of Republicans call the national economy good, compared with 54
percent of Democrats. Thirty-eight percent of Republican supporters say they
expect the economy to deteriorate this year, versus 18 percent of Democrats.

Many Americans have seen their home values recover and have cut their mortgage
bills by refinancing at ultra-low rates, thereby improving their personal
finances.

Still, regardless of their own circumstances, history shows that voters tend to
develop negative views of the economy during presidential election years, which
typically dwell on economic shortcomings, said Diane Lim, a researcher at the
Committee for Economic Development, a non-partisan think tank.

"If you turn on the news, you're very aware that the economic recovery has not
lifted everyone back to normal," Lim said. "The campaign talk, of course, is
going to emphasize the negative on either side."

The divide also reflects the uneven nature of a recovery that has favored the
wealthier and better-educated.

Just 2.4 percent of Americans with a bachelor's degree are unemployed, compared
with 5.9 percent of those with a high school diploma or less, according to the
Labor Department. Nearly 60 percent of all income gains between 2009 and 2014
went to families in the top 1 percent of earners, according to analysis by
Emmanuel Saez, an economist at the University of California, Berkeley.

The AP-NORC survey found that Americans with a bachelor's degree or higher are
closely divided on whether the nation's economy is good (48 percent) or poor (52
percent).

But those with a high school education or less are much more likely to consider
the economy poor (63 percent) than good (37 percent) and less likely to feel
confident about their finances.

College graduates such as Walter Johnson, 77, are able to work past conventional
retirement age. A civil engineer in Chicago, Johnson said he still works at his
firm 35 hours a week, giving him a degree of financial security.

Yet he views the overall economy as struggling. Annual growth has averaged a
mere 2 percent during the economic recovery, compared with the roughly 3 percent
that was common for much of his lifetime.

A registered Republican, Johnson said he thinks a key to faster growth is
persuading local banks to support small businesses and entrepreneurship, instead
of requiring them to follow regulations more suited to global financial firms.
He considers Trump the candidate for voters who value good jobs, like the
construction workers he sees in Chicago.

"If he can tone his verbiage down a little bit and get some reasonable advisers,
I'd vote for him, I really would," Johnson said.

Many other Americans see Trump's bluster as a potential threat to the economy.

"If Trump runs, I'll probably vote Hillary," said Pat Miller, a retired teacher
in Winter Park, Florida. "I think he's unstable."

___

The AP-NORC poll of 1,008 adults was conducted April 14-18 using a sample drawn
from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be
representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all
respondents is plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.

Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods,
and later interviewed online or by phone.

___

Online:

AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 7:10 AM GMT

Trump files new financial report, says business is strong

BYLINE: By JEFF HORWITZ and CHAD DAY, Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has filed new
financial documents describing his personal wealth - and he isn't waiting until
they're public to say they're good.

Trump announced late Tuesday he had submitted his candidate financial disclosure
form to the Federal Election Commission. He said it showed "a tremendous cash
flow" and growing revenues from his businesses.

The form - it will be publicly available after an initial review by the
government - should offer updated information about the value of his assets and
the revenues produced by his businesses. According to Trump, over the last 17
months his businesses' revenues grew by $190 million, and he earned $557 million
in income.

Trump said last July in a note accompanying a previous disclosure that he was
worth more than $10 billion, an assertion he also made Tuesday. Also last year,
he reported that a large amount of his valuation came from the $3.3 billion in
estimated worth he placed on his personal brand. Last July, Forbes magazine
deflated that valuation, saying Trump's brand was likely worth about $125
million.

In Tuesday's release, Trump said his ability to accumulate wealth demonstrates
what he described as "the kind of thinking the country needs."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 7:10 AM GMT

Clinton discloses millions in book royalties, speaking fees

BYLINE: By STEPHEN BRAUN and KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton has filed financial documents showing that in
2015 she earned more than $5 million in royalties from her book "Hard Choices"
and about $1.5 million in speaking fees before she launched her presidential
campaign.

Her husband, former President Bill Clinton, continued his lucrative speaking
tour through last November, reaping more than $5 million from banking, tech and
other corporate interests.

Hillary Clinton released the candidate financial disclosure form she filed to
the Federal Election Commission earlier this week. The 11-page document shows
that most of her personal wealth is held in a Vanguard 500 Index Fund and a
separate JP Morgan Custody Account, both valued at $5 million to $25 million.

Clinton's campaign released her disclosure Tuesday night, hours after Republican
Donald Trump put out a statement describing his personal wealth at $10 billion.
Clinton used the release to sting Trump for refusing to release his tax returns,
a theme she has repeated in recent days. Last year, Clinton released her own
family tax returns covering 1977 to 2014.

"Despite Donald Trump's boasting, submitting his personal financial disclosure
form is no breakthrough for transparency," Clinton campaign spokeswoman
Christina Reynolds said. "The true test for Donald Trump is whether he will
adhere to the precedent followed by every presidential candidate in the modern
era and make his tax returns available, as Hillary Clinton has done."

Earlier in the day, Trump announced he had submitted his candidate financial
disclosure form to the FEC. He said it showed "a tremendous cash flow" and
growing revenues from his businesses. The form - it will be publicly available
after an initial review by the government - should offer updated information
about the value of his assets and the revenues produced by his businesses.
According to Trump, over the last 17 months his businesses' revenues grew by
$190 million, and he earned $557 million in income.

Clinton's speeches to Wall Street interests between 2013 and 2015 spurred
questions about her own lack of transparency, leading to repeated calls from her
Democratic rival, Bernie Sanders, for transcripts of her talks to banks,
investment houses and other financial interests.

The five speeches disclosed in Clinton's latest documents include the Canadian
Imperial Bank of Commerce paying her $150,000 for a talk in January 2015,
following two other speeches in Canada that also were co-sponsored by the bank.

In all, Clinton made at least 94 appearances before corporate and other special
interests between 2013 and 2015, earning more than $21.6 million for her
services. A review of federal records, regulatory filings and correspondence by
The Associated Press showed that almost all the 82 corporations, trade
associations and other groups that paid for or sponsored Clinton's speeches have
actively sought to sway the government - lobbying, bidding for contracts,
commenting on federal policy and in some cases contacting State Department
officials or Clinton herself during her tenure as secretary of state.

Bill Clinton listed a February 2015 appearance in Nashville, Tennessee, for UBS
Wealth Management Americas - a Swiss international bank that Hillary Clinton
also spoke to in July 2013. Among his other speech clients in 2015 were Apollo
Management Holdings, L.P., an investment firm that his wife also spoke to; the
tech firm Oracle Corp.; and the National Association of Manufacturers, a trade
and lobbying group.

Hillary Clinton's disclosure also shows that her husband made an undisclosed
amount of money last year in consulting roles for two international interests -
the Dubai-based Varkey GEMS Foundation and Laureate Education Inc., a global
for-profit education firm. Bill Clinton ended his relationship with Laureate
last year after earning $16.5 million as the operation's honorary chancellor,
according to previously released Clinton tax records. Bill Clinton also has made
more than $5.6 million in an honorary role for the GEMS foundation.

Bill Clinton used a limited liability company called WJC, LLC to handle his
consulting fees, according to the disclosure filed by his wife. The disclosure
does not detail the exact amount of consulting income Bill Clinton made because
under federal reporting guidelines, any such spousal income over $1,000 is not
required to be made public. Hillary Clinton also used a limited liability
company, ZFS Holdings, LLC, to hold her speech and book earnings.

Hillary Clinton's 2015 disclosure showed the couple's total worth was estimated
to be between about $11 million and $53 million, according to the broad ranges
typically provided by the federal form. Her 2016 filing does not provide similar
ranges, but the Clintons' 2015 earnings appear to be in line with those earlier
figures.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 116 words


"We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We're always stronger
united." - Hillary Clinton in a Twitter post despite the race being too close to
call. Clinton later lost Oregon's primary to rival Bernie Sanders.

___

"I would speak to him, I would have no problem speaking to him." - Donald Trump
in an interview with Reuters, indicating that he's open to speaking with North
Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to halt the communist nation's nuclear program.

___

"He went, in a matter of seconds, from distraction to disaster." - National
Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt on Amtrak engineer Brandon
Bostian, largely blamed for the deadly derailment in Philadelphia last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 4:39 AM GMT

The Latest: Sanders doesn't gain much ground on Clinton

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1976 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on Tuesday's primary elections in Kentucky and
Oregon (all times local):

12:30 a.m.

Bernie Sanders wasn't able to net much Tuesday in his bid to catch Hillary
Clinton in the delegate race.

He won Oregon, but Hillary Clinton kept it close in Kentucky, where the race was
too close to call.

For the night, Sanders picked up 55 delegates to Clinton's 51. Ten delegates
remain to be allocated, pending final vote tallies.

That means based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton has 1,767 delegates
while Sanders has 1,488.

To close that gap, Sanders would need to win 68 percent of the remaining primary
and caucus delegates.

When including superdelegates, or party officials who can back any candidate,
Clinton has 2,291 to Sanders' 1,528.

She is now just 92 delegates short of the 2,383 needed to win.

__

12:10 a.m.

Donald Trump has won a majority of the delegates in Oregon as he closes in on
the Republican nomination for president.

The New York billionaire has won at least 17 delegates in Oregon, though there
was a significant protest vote for candidates who have quit the race. Ohio Gov.
John Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz won at least three delegates apiece. There
are still five delegates left to be allocated.

With 1,160 delegates, Trump is within 77 delegates of clinching the nomination.
Trump is the only Republican left in the race, though Oregon allocates delegates
in proportion to the statewide vote, so anyone getting more than 3.5 percent of
the vote gets delegates.

__

11:50 p.m.

Bernie Sanders' win in Oregon isn't helping his bid for the Democratic
nomination much.

He needed blowout wins in the final stretch of primaries and caucuses to catch
up to Hillary Clinton.

Instead, Clinton kept it relatively close in Tuesday's contests and is
maintaining her big delegate lead.

With 61 Oregon delegates at stake, Sanders will pick up at least 28. Clinton
will win at least 24.

That comes after the two candidates split the delegates fairly evenly in
Kentucky, with that race too close to call.

Fourteen delegates remain to be awarded for the night, pending final vote
tallies.

That means based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton has 1,765 while
Sanders has 1,486.

To close that gap, Sanders would need to win 68 percent of the remaining primary
and caucus delegates.

When including superdelegates, or party officials who can back any candidate,
Clinton has 2,289 to Sanders' 1,526.

__

11:45 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is closing in fast on the Democratic nomination.

She's now 96 percent of the way to reaching the 2,383 delegates needed to win.

Just 94 delegates short, Clinton remains on track to clinch the nomination on
June 7 with the 8 p.m. EDT poll close in New Jersey.

The next caucuses are in the Virgin Islands on June 4 and Puerto Rico on June 5,
with a combined total of 67 delegates at stake.

__

11:37 p.m.

Bernie Sanders has won the Democratic presidential primary in Oregon after
finishing neck-and-neck with front-runner Hillary Clinton in Kentucky.

The win for Sanders adds to his run of successes in the end stage of the
Democratic primaries, but it won't do much to slow Clinton's march toward the
nomination.

Even after Tuesday's results, Clinton remains on pace to wrap up the nomination
in early June.

Among Sanders' supporters in Oregon was Mary Brewster, a 62-year-old Portland
resident.

She says she cast her ballot for Sanders because, she says, "I think we need
huge change."

She says that doesn't mean she thinks Sanders would be able to enact all his
plans if elected. But she says she wanted to "vote for the things I believed in,
and then vote for Hillary in the general election."

__

11:25 p.m.

Bernie Sanders says at a California rally that it appears he will end up with
about "half of the delegates" in Kentucky's presidential primary.

Sanders says in Carson, California, that he managed to do well in Kentucky even
though the state does not allow independents to vote in the Democratic primary.
He also notes that Hillary Clinton defeated then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama in
Kentucky by a large margin in 2008.

Sanders says many people have suggested that he drop out of the presidential
race. But he says he's in the race until the last ballot.

He tells supporters Clinton "might get nervous," but he thinks his campaign is
"going to win here in California." The nation's largest state holds its primary
on June 7.

__

11:15 p.m.

Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee have signed a joint
fundraising agreement that will allow donors to write checks of up to $449,400.

The agreement, announced late Tuesday night, will allow the Trump campaign to
raise cash that the national party can spend on both his campaign and other
Republican efforts.

The agreement establishes two committees: The Trump Make America Great Again
Committee, between the RNC and the Trump campaign, and Trump Victory, which
includes the campaign, the RNC and a list of state GOP parties, including
Arkansas, Connecticut, Louisiana, New York and Virginia.

RNC Chairman Reince Priebus says in a statement money will go toward expanding
ground, data and digital operations to elect Republicans "up and down the
ballot."

__

11:07 p.m.

Donald Trump has won the Republican presidential primary in Oregon, adding
another state to the presumptive GOP nominee's tally of victories.

The billionaire businessman started the day by picking up nine delegates in
Guam, and was fewer than 100 delegates shy of clinching the Republican
nomination for president headed into the Oregon vote.

There were 28 delegates at stake in Oregon's Republican primary.

__

11 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is declaring victory in Kentucky's presidential primary, but her
race with Bernie Sanders still remains too close to call.

Clinton says in a statement posted on Twitter that she just won the state's
primary and thanks "everyone who turned out." She says, "We're always stronger
united."

With nearly all the votes counted, Clinton holds a narrow lead of less than
one-half of 1 percent of the vote.

The Sanders campaign is not immediately saying whether it will challenge the
results. Kentucky does not have an automatic recount.

Clinton holds a commanding lead of nearly 300 pledged delegates over Sanders and
a dominant advantage among party officials and elected leaders known as
superdelegates. The outcomes in Tuesday's primaries in Kentucky and Oregon are
not expected to change the arc of the Democratic race.

__

9:45 p.m.

Just 118 short of the delegates needed to win the Democratic presidential
nomination, Hillary Clinton remains on track to do so by early June.

Clinton and Sanders each picked up at least 25 delegates Tuesday in Kentucky's
presidential primary.

The margin in Kentucky between the two is less than one-half of 1 percent, which
means the race is too close to call.

After the votes in Oregon are counted later Tuesday, the next caucuses are in
the Virgin Islands on June 4 and Puerto Rico on June 5, with a combined total of
67 delegates at stake.

If Sanders still hopes to reach the 2,383 needed to win, he would have to pick
up an overwhelming 88 percent of the remaining delegates and uncommitted
superdelegates.

That's all but impossible under the Democrats' system of awarding delegates in
proportion to the vote, rather than winner-takes-all.

___

9:33 p.m.

The Democratic presidential primary may be too close to call in Kentucky, but
Hillary Clinton is still inching closer to the Democratic nomination - she's now
95 percent of the way there.

The tight margin in Kentucky between Clinton and rival Bernie Sanders means that
the two will split the state's delegates fairly evenly.

With 55 delegates at stake, Clinton and Sanders will each pick up at least 25.
Five delegates remain to be allocated, pending final vote tallies.

That means based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton now has 1,741
delegates. Sanders has 1,458.

To close that 283 delegate gap, Sanders would need to win 67 percent of the
remaining primary and caucus delegates.

Clinton's lead is wider when including superdelegates, or party officials who
can back any candidate.

She has 2,265. That's 95 percent of the 2,383 needed to win. Sanders has 1,498.

Oregon voters also were casting ballots Tuesday, with 61 delegates at stake.

___

9:27 p.m.

The Democratic presidential primary in Kentucky between Hillary Clinton and
Bernie Sanders is too close to call.

With almost all the votes counted, the margin between the two candidates is less
than 1 percent.

That's a result that won't change the overall arc of the race for the Democratic
nomination.

The two rivals will more or less split the delegates available in the state.
That's a victory for Clinton, as she pushes ever closer to securing her party's
nomination.

Thanks to party rules that award delegates proportionally, the former secretary
of state has maintained her steady march toward securing the 2,383 delegates it
takes to win their party's nomination.

Clinton began the night just 140 delegates shy of that number.

Democrats were also holding a presidential primary Tuesday in Oregon.

___

8:30 p.m.

Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly are calling a truce.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee and the star Fox News anchor sat
down for an interview broadcast Tuesday nearly nine months after their feud
began.

Trump took offense in August to a question Kelly asked during a Republican
debate and, in the months that followed, repeatedly attacked her on Twitter.

In the interview, which was taped a few weeks ago, Trump appeared sheepish when
pressed by Kelly on how he described her as a "bimbo" on Twitter.

He also said he understood that Kelly was simply doing her job and he "liked"
where their relationship was now.

He also seemed chagrined that he retweeted a post that mocked the looks of Heidi
Cruz, Sen. Ted Cruz's wife.

__

7:15 p.m.

Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are in a closely divided race in
Kentucky's presidential primary as the results are reported Tuesday night.

Clinton is trying to avoid losses in Kentucky and Oregon to blunt Sanders'
recent momentum. Clinton holds a formidable lead of nearly 300 pledged delegates
but Sanders has won primaries in Indiana and West Virginia as the primary race
approaches the final contests in June.

Clinton is on track to clinch the Democratic nomination in early June but she's
trying to avoid primary defeats during the final stretch as she prepares for
Republican Donald Trump.

Sanders is favored in Oregon's primary on Tuesday night.

__

6 p.m.

Polls are closed across most of Kentucky, where Democratic front-runner Hillary
Clinton faces rival Bernie Sanders in the state's presidential primary. They're
open for another hour in about a third of the state.

It's the first of two primary elections on Tuesday for Democrats, who also are
voting in Oregon.

The former secretary of state entered Tuesday's primaries with a lead of nearly
300 pledged delegates over Sanders. She also has a wide lead among party
officials and elected leaders known as superdelegates.

Clinton is on track to clinch the Democratic nomination in early June, but is
trying to avoid a streak of losses in the final stretch of the primary campaign.

Sanders is coming off recent primary wins in Indiana and West Virginia.

Republicans were also voting Tuesday in Oregon, with presumptive nominee Donald
Trump expected to win easily.

___

1:09 p.m.

Donald Trump has picked up nine delegates in Guam. He now needs fewer than 100
delegates to clinch the Republican nomination for president.

The U.S. territory held its territorial convention in March. The delegates are
unbound, which means they are free to support the candidate of their choice. In
a statement, the Guam Republican Party said all nine delegates pledged to
support Trump on Tuesday.

Trump has 1,143 delegates heading into the Oregon primary on Tuesday. He needs
1,237 to clinch the nomination.

There are 28 delegates at stake in Oregon's Republican primary.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 4:37 AM GMT

Clinton, Sanders in tight Ky. race; Sanders, Trump win Ore.

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 749 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Bernie Sanders won Oregon's presidential primary and battled
Hillary Clinton to a neck-and-neck outcome in Kentucky on Tuesday, vowing to
soldier on as Clinton sought to blunt his momentum ahead of her likely general
election matchup against Republican Donald Trump.

The race in Kentucky was too close to call, but Clinton wrote on her Twitter
feed: "We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We're always
stronger united." With almost all the votes counted, Clinton held a narrow lead
of less than one-half of 1 percent as she tried to avoid ending the primary
season with a string of losses to the Vermont senator.

Trump won the sole GOP contest in Oregon, where Sanders was declared the winner
shortly after the polls closed in the liberal-leaning state.

Rallying supporters in California, Sanders said he would end up with about half
of the delegates in Kentucky and promised to press forward even though he would
need to win about two-thirds of the remaining pledged delegates to overtake
Clinton.

"Before we will have the opportunity to defeat Donald Trump, we're going to have
to defeat Secretary Clinton," Sanders said to cheers in Carson, California.

Clinton holds a commanding lead of nearly 300 pledged delegates over Sanders and
a dominant advantage among party officials and elected leaders known as
superdelegates. The outcomes in Kentucky and Oregon did not dramatically change
the delegate count and the former secretary of state remains on track to clinch
the nomination on June 7 in the New Jersey primary.

Tuesday's elections took place amid new questions about party unity following a
divisive weekend state party convention in Nevada. Supporters of Sanders tossed
chairs and made death threats against the Nevada party chairwoman at the event
in Las Vegas, arguing the party leadership rigged the results of the convention
in favor of Clinton.

In a sign of the tensions between the two sides, Sanders issued a defiant
statement Tuesday dismissing complaints from Nevada Democrats as "nonsense" and
said his supporters were not being treated with "fairness and respect."

In California, Sanders urged the party to be welcoming to voters who are
"prepared to fight for real economic and social change." Addressing the party's
leadership, Sanders declared, "Open the doors, let the people in."

Trump won the only Republican contest in Oregon. The billionaire businessman
picked up nine delegates earlier Tuesday in Guam, which held its territorial
convention in March, and had 1,143 delegates heading into the Oregon contest -
fewer than 100 delegates short of the 1,237 he needs to clinch the nomination.

For Democrats, 55 delegates were up for grabs in Kentucky and 61 delegates were
at stake in Oregon. Clinton and Sanders will each pick up at least 27 delegates
in Kentucky, with one delegate remaining to be allocated pending final vote
tallies. In Oregon, Sanders will receive at least 28 delegates and Clinton at
least 24 with the remaining delegates awarded according to vote tallies.

The Sanders campaign did not immediately say whether it will challenge the
results in Kentucky, which does not have an automatic recount.

In Kentucky, the former secretary of state visited black churches, a small-town
diner and held rallies on Sunday and Monday in an effort to break up Sanders'
momentum after his recent victories in Indiana and West Virginia.

Clinton's husband, former President Bill Clinton, was the last Democrat to carry
the state in a presidential election - he won Kentucky in 1992 and 1996 - and
the former first lady tried to emphasize those ties in the days leading up to
the primary.

"I'm excited about the primary but we've got to turn a lot of people out,"
Clinton told a packed diner in Paducah, Ky., on Monday. "I'll tell you this. I'm
not going to give up on Kentucky in November. I want to help to bring back the
kind of economy that worked for everybody in the 1990s."

Nearing the end of a long primary slog, the two Democratic candidates are
preparing for June 7 primaries in California, New Jersey and four other states
and then the District of Columbia primary on June 14. When pledged delegates and
superdelegates are combined, Clinton is now about 96 percent of the way toward
securing the Democratic nomination.

___

Associated Press writers Nicholas Riccardi in Denver, Catherine Lucey in
Paducah, Ky., and Michelle Rindels in Las Vegas contributed to this report.

___

Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/KThomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 4:22 AM GMT

Trial reset for Ohio man who rushed stage at Trump rally

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 123 words

DATELINE: DAYTON, Ohio


DAYTON, Ohio (AP) - An Ohio man who was arrested after he rushed the stage at a
Donald Trump rally faces trial next month.

The trial for 22-year-old Thomas DiMassimo is now set to begin June 22 in
federal court in Dayton. A May 31 trial date was postponed because of a
scheduling conflict.

The Wright State University student has pleaded not guilty to a misdemeanor
charge of illegally entering a restricted area. The charge carries a potential
one-year prison sentence and possible fines. DiMassimo was arrested March 12 at
a rally for the Republican presidential candidate.

His attorney has said DiMassimo wanted to ensure his political views were heard.

The two sides have said they've discussed trying to resolve the case without a
trial.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:55 AM GMT

The Latest: Sanders still lags in delegates after Oregon win

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1742 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on Tuesday's primary elections in Kentucky and
Oregon (all times local):

11:50 p.m.

Bernie Sanders' win in Oregon isn't helping his bid for the Democratic
nomination much.

He needed blowout wins in the final stretch of primaries and caucuses to catch
up to Hillary Clinton.

Instead, Clinton kept it relatively close in Tuesday's contests and is
maintaining her big delegate lead.

With 61 Oregon delegates at stake, Sanders will pick up at least 28. Clinton
will win at least 24.

That comes after the two candidates split the delegates fairly evenly in
Kentucky, with that race too close to call.

Fourteen delegates remain to be awarded for the night, pending final vote
tallies.

That means based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton has 1,765 while
Sanders has 1,486.

To close that gap, Sanders would need to win 68 percent of the remaining primary
and caucus delegates.

When including superdelegates, or party officials who can back any candidate,
Clinton has 2,289 to Sanders' 1,526.

__

11:45 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is closing in fast on the Democratic nomination.

She's now 96 percent of the way to reaching the 2,383 delegates needed to win.

Just 94 delegates short, Clinton remains on track to clinch the nomination on
June 7 with the 8 p.m. EDT poll close in New Jersey.

The next caucuses are in the Virgin Islands on June 4 and Puerto Rico on June 5,
with a combined total of 67 delegates at stake.

__

11:37 p.m.

Bernie Sanders has won the Democratic presidential primary in Oregon after
finishing neck-and-neck with front-runner Hillary Clinton in Kentucky.

The win for Sanders adds to his run of successes in the end stage of the
Democratic primaries, but it won't do much to slow Clinton's march toward the
nomination.

Even after Tuesday's results, Clinton remains on pace to wrap up the nomination
in early June.

Among Sanders' supporters in Oregon was Mary Brewster, a 62-year-old Portland
resident.

She says she cast her ballot for Sanders because, she says, "I think we need
huge change."

She says that doesn't mean she thinks Sanders would be able to enact all his
plans if elected. But she says she wanted to "vote for the things I believed in,
and then vote for Hillary in the general election."

__

11:25 p.m.

Bernie Sanders says at a California rally that it appears he will end up with
about "half of the delegates" in Kentucky's presidential primary.

Sanders says in Carson, California, that he managed to do well in Kentucky even
though the state does not allow independents to vote in the Democratic primary.
He also notes that Hillary Clinton defeated then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama in
Kentucky by a large margin in 2008.

Sanders says many people have suggested that he drop out of the presidential
race. But he says he's in the race until the last ballot.

He tells supporters Clinton "might get nervous," but he thinks his campaign is
"going to win here in California." The nation's largest state holds its primary
on June 7.

__

11:15 p.m.

Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee have signed a joint
fundraising agreement that will allow donors to write checks of up to $449,400.

The agreement, announced late Tuesday night, will allow the Trump campaign to
raise cash that the national party can spend on both his campaign and other
Republican efforts.

The agreement establishes two committees: The Trump Make America Great Again
Committee, between the RNC and the Trump campaign, and Trump Victory, which
includes the campaign, the RNC and a list of state GOP parties, including
Arkansas, Connecticut, Louisiana, New York and Virginia.

RNC Chairman Reince Priebus says in a statement money will go toward expanding
ground, data and digital operations to elect Republicans "up and down the
ballot."

__

11:07 p.m.

Donald Trump has won the Republican presidential primary in Oregon, adding
another state to the presumptive GOP nominee's tally of victories.

The billionaire businessman started the day by picking up nine delegates in
Guam, and was fewer than 100 delegates shy of clinching the Republican
nomination for president headed into the Oregon vote.

There were 28 delegates at stake in Oregon's Republican primary.

__

11 p.m.

Hillary Clinton is declaring victory in Kentucky's presidential primary, but her
race with Bernie Sanders still remains too close to call.

Clinton says in a statement posted on Twitter that she just won the state's
primary and thanks "everyone who turned out." She says, "We're always stronger
united."

With nearly all the votes counted, Clinton holds a narrow lead of less than
one-half of 1 percent of the vote.

The Sanders campaign is not immediately saying whether it will challenge the
results. Kentucky does not have an automatic recount.

Clinton holds a commanding lead of nearly 300 pledged delegates over Sanders and
a dominant advantage among party officials and elected leaders known as
superdelegates. The outcomes in Tuesday's primaries in Kentucky and Oregon are
not expected to change the arc of the Democratic race.

__

9:45 p.m.

Just 118 short of the delegates needed to win the Democratic presidential
nomination, Hillary Clinton remains on track to do so by early June.

Clinton and Sanders each picked up at least 25 delegates Tuesday in Kentucky's
presidential primary.

The margin in Kentucky between the two is less than one-half of 1 percent, which
means the race is too close to call.

After the votes in Oregon are counted later Tuesday, the next caucuses are in
the Virgin Islands on June 4 and Puerto Rico on June 5, with a combined total of
67 delegates at stake.

If Sanders still hopes to reach the 2,383 needed to win, he would have to pick
up an overwhelming 88 percent of the remaining delegates and uncommitted
superdelegates.

That's all but impossible under the Democrats' system of awarding delegates in
proportion to the vote, rather than winner-takes-all.

___

9:33 p.m.

The Democratic presidential primary may be too close to call in Kentucky, but
Hillary Clinton is still inching closer to the Democratic nomination - she's now
95 percent of the way there.

The tight margin in Kentucky between Clinton and rival Bernie Sanders means that
the two will split the state's delegates fairly evenly.

With 55 delegates at stake, Clinton and Sanders will each pick up at least 25.
Five delegates remain to be allocated, pending final vote tallies.

That means based on primaries and caucuses to date, Clinton now has 1,741
delegates. Sanders has 1,458.

To close that 283 delegate gap, Sanders would need to win 67 percent of the
remaining primary and caucus delegates.

Clinton's lead is wider when including superdelegates, or party officials who
can back any candidate.

She has 2,265. That's 95 percent of the 2,383 needed to win. Sanders has 1,498.

Oregon voters also were casting ballots Tuesday, with 61 delegates at stake.

___

9:27 p.m.

The Democratic presidential primary in Kentucky between Hillary Clinton and
Bernie Sanders is too close to call.

With almost all the votes counted, the margin between the two candidates is less
than 1 percent.

That's a result that won't change the overall arc of the race for the Democratic
nomination.

The two rivals will more or less split the delegates available in the state.
That's a victory for Clinton, as she pushes ever closer to securing her party's
nomination.

Thanks to party rules that award delegates proportionally, the former secretary
of state has maintained her steady march toward securing the 2,383 delegates it
takes to win their party's nomination.

Clinton began the night just 140 delegates shy of that number.

Democrats were also holding a presidential primary Tuesday in Oregon.

___

8:30 p.m.

Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly are calling a truce.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee and the star Fox News anchor sat
down for an interview broadcast Tuesday nearly nine months after their feud
began.

Trump took offense in August to a question Kelly asked during a Republican
debate and, in the months that followed, repeatedly attacked her on Twitter.

In the interview, which was taped a few weeks ago, Trump appeared sheepish when
pressed by Kelly on how he described her as a "bimbo" on Twitter.

He also said he understood that Kelly was simply doing her job and he "liked"
where their relationship was now.

He also seemed chagrined that he retweeted a post that mocked the looks of Heidi
Cruz, Sen. Ted Cruz's wife.

__

7:15 p.m.

Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are in a closely divided race in
Kentucky's presidential primary as the results are reported Tuesday night.

Clinton is trying to avoid losses in Kentucky and Oregon to blunt Sanders'
recent momentum. Clinton holds a formidable lead of nearly 300 pledged delegates
but Sanders has won primaries in Indiana and West Virginia as the primary race
approaches the final contests in June.

Clinton is on track to clinch the Democratic nomination in early June but she's
trying to avoid primary defeats during the final stretch as she prepares for
Republican Donald Trump.

Sanders is favored in Oregon's primary on Tuesday night.

__

6 p.m.

Polls are closed across most of Kentucky, where Democratic front-runner Hillary
Clinton faces rival Bernie Sanders in the state's presidential primary. They're
open for another hour in about a third of the state.

It's the first of two primary elections on Tuesday for Democrats, who also are
voting in Oregon.

The former secretary of state entered Tuesday's primaries with a lead of nearly
300 pledged delegates over Sanders. She also has a wide lead among party
officials and elected leaders known as superdelegates.

Clinton is on track to clinch the Democratic nomination in early June, but is
trying to avoid a streak of losses in the final stretch of the primary campaign.

Sanders is coming off recent primary wins in Indiana and West Virginia.

Republicans were also voting Tuesday in Oregon, with presumptive nominee Donald
Trump expected to win easily.

___

1:09 p.m.

Donald Trump has picked up nine delegates in Guam. He now needs fewer than 100
delegates to clinch the Republican nomination for president.

The U.S. territory held its territorial convention in March. The delegates are
unbound, which means they are free to support the candidate of their choice. In
a statement, the Guam Republican Party said all nine delegates pledged to
support Trump on Tuesday.

Trump has 1,143 delegates heading into the Oregon primary on Tuesday. He needs
1,237 to clinch the nomination.

There are 28 delegates at stake in Oregon's Republican primary.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:51 AM GMT

Clinton, Sanders in tight Ky. race; Sanders, Trump win Ore.

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 730 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders battled to a neck-and-neck
outcome in Kentucky's presidential primary Tuesday, as Clinton declared victory
and sought to blunt the momentum of her Democratic rival ahead of a likely
general election matchup against Republican Donald Trump. Sanders won Oregon and
vowed to soldier on.

The race in Kentucky was too close to call, but Clinton wrote on her Twitter
feed: "We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We're always
stronger united." With almost all the votes counted, Clinton held a narrow lead
of less than one-half of 1 percent as she tried to avoid ending the primary
season with a string of losses to the Vermont senator.

Trump won the sole GOP contest in Oregon, where Sanders was declared the winner
shortly after the polls closed in the liberal-leaning state.

Rallying supporters in California, Sanders said he would end up with about half
of the delegates in Kentucky and promised to press forward even though he would
need to win about two-thirds of the remaining pledged delegates to end the
primary season in a tie.

"Before we will have the opportunity to defeat Donald Trump, we're going to have
to defeat Secretary Clinton," Sanders said to cheers in Carson, California.

Clinton holds a commanding lead of nearly 300 pledged delegates over Sanders and
a dominant advantage among party officials and elected leaders known as
superdelegates. The outcomes in Kentucky and Oregon were not expected to change
that and the former secretary of state remains on track to clinch the nomination
in early June.

Tuesday's elections took place amid new questions about party unity following a
divisive weekend state party convention in Nevada. Supporters of Sanders tossed
chairs and made death threats against the Nevada party chairwoman at the event
in Las Vegas, arguing the party leadership rigged the results of the convention
in favor of Clinton.

In a sign of the tensions between the two sides, Sanders issued a defiant
statement Tuesday dismissing complaints from Nevada Democrats as "nonsense" and
said his supporters were not being treated with "fairness and respect."

In California, Sanders urged the party to be welcoming to voters who are
"prepared to fight for real economic and social change." Addressing the party's
leadership, Sanders declared, "Open the doors, let the people in."

Trump won the sole GOP contest in Oregon. The billionaire businessman picked up
nine delegates earlier Tuesday in Guam, which held its territorial convention in
March, and had 1,143 delegates heading into the Oregon contest - fewer than 100
delegates short of the 1,237 he needs to clinch the nomination.

For Democrats, 55 delegates were up for grabs in Kentucky and 61 delegates were
at stake in Oregon. Clinton and Sanders will each pick up at least 25 delegates
in Kentucky, with five delegates remaining to be allocated pending final vote
tallies.

The Sanders campaign did not immediately saying whether it will challenge the
results in Kentucky, which does not have an automatic recount.

In Kentucky, the former secretary of state visited black churches, a small-town
diner and held rallies on Sunday and Monday in an effort to break up Sanders'
momentum after his recent victories in Indiana and West Virginia.

Clinton's husband, former President Bill Clinton, was the last Democrat to carry
the state in a presidential election - he won Kentucky in 1992 and 1996 - and
the former first lady tried to emphasize those ties in the days leading up to
the primary.

"I'm excited about the primary but we've got to turn a lot of people out,"
Clinton told a packed diner in Paducah, Ky., on Monday. "I'll tell you this. I'm
not going to give up on Kentucky in November. I want to help to bring back the
kind of economy that worked for everybody in the 1990s."

Nearing the end of a long primary slog, the two Democratic candidates are
preparing for June 7 primaries in California, New Jersey and four other states
and then the District of Columbia primary on June 14. When pledged delegates and
superdelegates are combined, Clinton is now about 95 percent of the way toward
securing the Democratic nomination.

___

Associated Press writers Nicholas Riccardi in Denver, Catherine Lucey in
Paducah, Ky., and Michelle Rindels in Las Vegas contributed to this report.

___

Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/KThomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:28 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Wednesday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 4fb2bf9c196d499e89f534846a2d3c05

LENGTH: 377 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. CLINTON CLAIMS VICTORY IN BLUEGRASS STATE

The Democratic presidential front-runner and Bernie Sanders are neck-and-neck in
Kentucky's presidential primary, but that didn't stop Hillary Clinton from
declaring victory and with it, blunting the momentum of her rival.

2. SANDERS ISSUES DEFIANT STATEMENT UNDER PRESSURE OVER RUCKUS

The candidate dismisses complaints from Nevada Democrats over chaos at the party
convention as "nonsense" and asserts that his backers are not treated with
"fairness and respect."

3. WHO IMPLORES REPUBLICAN JEWISH LEADERS TO SUPPORT TRUMP

"I will not sit idly by and let Hillary Clinton become the next president,"
billionaire casino executive Sheldon Adelson writes in an email intended to
rally big donors around the GOP presumptive candidate.

4. 31 CAUGHT IN RETESTS OF 2008 BEIJING OLYMPIC SAMPLES

"This is a powerful strike against the cheats," IOC President Thomas Bach says.

5. MEXICAN PRESIDENT PROPOSES LEGALIZING GAY MARRIAGE

The move would enshrine on a national level a Supreme Court ruling last year
that it is unconstitutional for states to bar such couples from wedding.

6. DISTRACTED ENGINEER BLAMED IN DEADLY AMTRAK WRECK

"He went, in a matter of seconds, from distraction to disaster," National
Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt says.

7. SOUTH CAROLINA PASSES BILL BANNING ABORTION AFTER 19 WEEKS

The legislation will now head to Gov. Nikki Haley's desk. The Republican says
she will almost certainly sign it.

8. TRANSGENDER BATHROOM CHOICE NOTHING NEW FOR SEATTLE SCHOOLS

Yet, Conservatives are trying to get a measure on the November ballot that would
force students to use facilities corresponding with their biological gender.

9. GENETICALLY ALTERED FOOD SAFE BUT NOT CURING HUNGER

A high-powered science advisory board says that tinkering with the genetics of
what we eat doesn't produce the "Frankenfood" monster - but it isn't feeding the
world with substantially increased yields either.

10. CAVS STAY PERFECT, BLOW OUT RAPTORS

LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and the Cleveland Cavaliers pick up where they left
off before a long layoff by thumping Toronto 115-84 in Game 1 of the Eastern
Conference finals.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:21 AM GMT

Trump and RNC announce fundraising agreement

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee have signed
a joint fundraising agreement that will allow donors to write checks of up to
$449,400.

The agreement, announced late Tuesday night, will allow the Trump campaign to
raise cash that the national party can spend on both his campaign and other
Republican efforts.

The agreement established two committees: The Trump Make America Great Again
Committee, between the RNC and the Trump campaign, and Trump Victory, which
includes the campaign, the RNC and a list of state GOP parties, including
Arkansas, Connecticut, Louisiana, New York and Virginia.

RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement that the money will go toward
expanding ground, data and digital operations to elect Republicans "up and down
the ballot."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:07 AM GMT

Trump wins Republican presidential primary in Oregon

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 25 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump has won the Republican presidential primary in
Oregon, adding another state to the presumptive nominee's tally of victories.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:07 AM GMT

Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential primary in Oregon

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 13 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential primary in
Oregon.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 18, 2016 Wednesday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1964 words


Clinton, Sanders locked in tight contest in Kentucky primary

WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were neck-and-neck in
Kentucky's presidential primary Tuesday, as Clinton sought to blunt the momentum
of her Democratic rival ahead of a likely general election matchup against
Republican Donald Trump.

The race was too close to call a winner in Kentucky. With almost all the votes
counted, the margin between the two candidates was less than one-half of 1
percent as Clinton tried to avoid ending the primary season with a string of
losses to the Vermont senator. Sanders was favored in Oregon's primary later
Tuesday.

Clinton holds a commanding lead of nearly 300 pledged delegates over Sanders and
a dominant advantage among party officials and elected leaders known as
superdelegates. The outcomes in Kentucky and Oregon were not expected to change
that and the former secretary of state remains on track to clinch the nomination
in early June.

Tuesday's elections took place amid new questions about party unity following a
divisive weekend state party convention in Nevada. Supporters of Sanders tossed
chairs and made death threats against the Nevada party chairwoman at the event
in Las Vegas, arguing the party leadership rigged the results of the convention
in favor of Clinton.

In a sign of the tensions between the two sides, Sanders issued a defiant
statement on Tuesday dismissing complaints from Nevada Democrats as "nonsense"
and said his supporters were not being treated with "fairness and respect."

___

10 Things to Know for Wednesday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. WHERE CLINTON HOPES TO WIN

The Democratic presidential front-runner is trying to avoid primary losses in
Kentucky and Oregon, to blunt the momentum of challenger Bernie Sanders.

2. SANDERS ISSUES DEFIANT STATEMENT UNDER PRESSURE OVER RUCKUS

The candidate dismisses complaints from Nevada Democrats over chaos at the party
convention as "nonsense" and asserts that his backers are not treated with
"fairness and respect."

___

Sanders issues defiant statement under pressure over ruckus

WASHINGTON (AP) - Under pressure from Democratic Party leaders to denounce ugly
tactics by his supporters, Sen. Bernie Sanders instead struck back with a
defiant statement Tuesday that dismissed complaints from Nevada Democrats as
"nonsense" and asserted that his backers were not being treated with "fairness
and respect."

It followed chaos at the Nevada Democratic Party convention Saturday night,
where Sanders' supporters threw chairs, shouted down speakers and later harassed
the state party chair with death threats. Gravely alarmed, Democrats pressed
Sanders to forcefully denounce it. The dispute stands as the most public rift
yet between the Sanders camp and other Democrats, and may undermine the party's
attempt to maintain a unified front as frustration mounts among Hillary Clinton
supporters that Sanders is continuing his campaign with no clear path to
victory.

"Our campaign of course believes in non-violent change and it goes without
saying that I condemn any and all forms of violence, including the personal
harassment of individuals," Sanders said. But far from apologizing for anything
his supporters did, Sanders repeated, in detail, their complaints that they were
railroaded in the delegate process Saturday night, something Democratic
officials deny. "The Democratic leadership used its power to prevent a fair and
transparent process from taking place," he said.

Sanders issued his statement moments after speaking with Senate Democratic
Leader Harry Reid, who told reporters that Sanders had condemned the violence in
Las Vegas. "This is a test of leadership as we all know, and I'm hopeful and
very confident Sen. Sanders will do the right thing," said Reid, D-Nev.

The head of the Democratic Party, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., also
condemned the events in Las Vegas. "There is no excuse for what happened in
Nevada, and it is incumbent upon all of us in positions of leadership to speak
out," she said.

___

Distracted engineer blamed in deadly Amtrak wreck

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Amtrak engineer whose speeding train ran off the rails in
Philadelphia last year was apparently distracted by word that a train nearby had
been hit by a rock, federal investigators concluded Tuesday, pinning most of the
blame on him for the wreck that killed eight people.

"He went, in a matter of seconds, from distraction to disaster," National
Transportation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt said.

At the same time, the NTSB said a contributing factor was the railroad
industry's decades-long failure to fully install positive train control,
GPS-based technology that can automatically slow trains that are going over the
speed limit.

Had positive train control been in use along that stretch of track, "we would
not be here today," said Ted Turpin, an NTSB investigator.

Engineer Brandon Bostian heard about the rock-throwing on the radio and was
apparently so preoccupied by it that he lost track of where he was and
accelerated full-throttle to 106 mph as he went into a sharp curve with a 50 mph
speed limit, investigators said at an NTSB hearing to pinpoint the cause of the
May 12, 2015, derailment. About 200 people aboard the Washington-to-New York
train that night were injured.

___

Russia builds military camp near ancient site in Palmyra

BEIRUT (AP) - Russia has built a military encampment inside a zone that holds
the UNESCO world heritage site in the ancient Syrian town of Palmyra, where
Islamic State militants were driven out recently by pro-government forces.

The Russian military described the camp Tuesday as "temporary," saying its few
housing units were being used by explosives experts who are removing mines left
behind by the militants, and that the Syrian government had given approval to
build the camp.

The head of Syria's Antiquities and Museums department, who noted the town's
priceless antiquities are safer thanks to the Russian presence, nonetheless said
he would not have granted Russia permission to build the camp if he had been
asked.

A UNESCO official said it was unclear whether the encampment was in a buffer
zone to the archaeological site, but said it does not pose a threat to the
historic area.

The American School of Oriental Research's Cultural Heritage Initiative posted
photos from the satellite imagery and analytics company DigitalGlobe that show
the construction on the edge of the ancient site that was damaged by the Islamic
State group, which held Palmyra for 10 months.

___

Bloody anti-crime purge may haunt next Philippine president

MANILA, Philippines (AP) - Nine years ago, Father Amado Picardal helped bury a
teenager from a slum family who was gunned down by motorcycle-riding assassins
in the southern Philippine city of Davao. The death was among hundreds in the
large port city blamed on an anti-crime purge some believed was secretly run by
its mayor, Rodrigo Duterte.

Memories of that violence flashed back in the Roman Catholic priest's mind when
the tough-talking mayor triumphed in last week's presidential election on a
pledge to replicate his Davao crime-busting style in the rest of the
Philippines.

"I felt sad and depressed," Picardal said of Duterte's rise.

A Duterte presidency is "very frightening," he said in an interview, adding that
human rights groups will need to keep a close watch and document any violations,
especially extrajudicial killings, in the next six years under Duterte's
presidency.

From his 22 years as mayor to the presidential campaign trail, Duterte has never
minced words about his deadly objective for criminals. But he has generally
denied the existence of death squads in his city.

___

Wave of bombings in Baghdad kill 69

BAGHDAD (AP) - A wave of bombings struck outdoor markets and a restaurant in
Shiite-dominated neighborhoods of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least 69
people, officials said - the latest in a string of attacks in and around the
Iraqi capital that have left more than 200 dead in the past week.

The four separate bombings were a further challenge to the beleaguered
government of Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who is struggling to prove that
his forces can maintain security in Baghdad and elsewhere.

One of the bombings Tuesday struck an outdoor market in the heavily Shiite
district of Sadr City, a frequent bombing target. In the wake of the blast,
influential Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, whose support runs deep in the
district named after his father, issued a statement to his followers, saying the
attacks "are the clearest evidence that your government has become unable to
protect and provide you with security."

The Islamic State group later claimed responsibility for the attack in a
statement posted to a militant website commonly used by the extremists.

Fighters with al-Sadr's militia, Saraya Salam, deployed to the streets of Sadr
City following the bombing, another indication of a lack of confidence in Iraq's
official security forces.

___

Trump and frequent target Megyn Kelly call a truce

NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly appear to have called a truce.

The two sat down for a much-ballyhooed interview that was the culmination - at
least for now - of the frequent sparring between the now-presumptive Republican
presidential nominee and one of the biggest stars on the conservative-leaning
Fox News Channel. It was taped last month and aired Tuesday night on the Fox
broadcast network.

Their fight began last August, in the first GOP debate, when Kelly lobbed
several tough questions at Trump, including one about how he has publicly talked
about women. Trump escalated the feud over Twitter for months.

But the brash celebrity businessman appeared somewhat sheepish in the interview
when Kelly asked him about some of the insults he tweeted - or retweeted - her
way, frequently including "bimbo."

"Uh, that was a retweet. Did I say that?" Trump asked.

___

76ers win NBA draft lottery, Lakers stay at No. 2, keep pick

NEW YORK (AP) - The Philadelphia 76ers have lost big for three years, when they
appeared to value draft picks more than players.

They got a huge victory Tuesday night, and maybe the wins on the court will soon
follow.

The 76ers won the NBA draft lottery, giving them the No. 1 selection in June.

"The pain that we've all gone through, the pain of losing is real. You can't
camouflage it," said coach Brett Brown, who represented the 76ers on stage. "The
city has been incredibly patient, tolerant, choose any word you want. I think
this validates some of the pain we went through."

The Los Angeles Lakers finished second but also felt like winners, as they would
have dealt their pick to Philadelphia had they fallen out of the top three.

___

Report: US launches investigation into Russian doping claims

NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. prosecutors are investigating claims that dozens of top
Russian athletes participated in a sophisticated state-sponsored doping program,
The New York Times reported Tuesday.

Two unidentified sources confirmed the investigation to the Times, requesting
anonymity because they did not have authorization to speak publicly.

The probe, launched by the U.S. Attorney's office for the Eastern District of
New York, is looking at athletes, Russian government officials, anti-doping
authorities and people who may have benefited from the doping scheme, the Times
reported.

A law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation confirmed to The
Associated Press there is an FBI inquiry related the Russian doping scandal, but
offered no details.

The official wasn't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on
condition of anonymity. The investigators are from same team handling the FIFA
probe, which is also being overseen by prosecutors in Brooklyn.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 18, 2016 Wednesday 12:23 AM GMT

Trump says he'd speak with Kim Jong Un over nukes

BYLINE: BY MATTHEW PENNINGTON and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he's open
to speaking with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to halt the communist
nation's nuclear program.

"I would speak to him, I would have no problem speaking to him," Trump, the
presumptive Republican nominee, told Reuters in an interview Tuesday.

"At the same time I would put a lot of pressure on China because economically we
have tremendous power over China," he added.

It was unclear whether Trump was referring to bilateral talks between the U.S.
and North Korea or a face-to-face meeting. But either would mark a significant
departure from the current situation. There has been little dialogue between the
U.S. and North Korea since Pyongyang pulled out of international
aid-for-disarmament negotiations with the U.S. and other nations in 2008.

The Obama administration says it has been willing to resume those talks, but
only if the North commits to the aim of giving up nuclear weapons. Kim Jong Un
has instead doubled down on his nuclear program, holding two nuclear test
explosions since he took power four years ago. He's also launched long-range
rockets into space, intensifying fears that the North is moving closer to have a
nuclear-tipped ballistic missile that could threaten the American mainland. In
response, the U.S. has led the international effort to step up sanctions on the
North.

Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton's campaign jumped on Trump's remarks.

"Let me get this straight," said Clinton adviser Jake Sullivan. "Donald Trump
insults the leader of our closest ally, then turns around and says he'd love to
talk to Kim Jong Un?" Sullivan was referring to Trump's recent feud with British
Prime Minister David Cameron.

Sullivan added: "I suppose that makes sense for him, since he also praised Kim
Jong Un for executing his uncle and seems to have a bizarre fascination with
foreign strongmen like (Russian President Vladimir) Putin and Kim. But his
approach to foreign policy makes no sense for the rest of us."

No sitting U.S. president has met with the leader of North Korea, although
former U.S. presidents have met with Kim Jong Un's predecessors on visits to the
isolated nation. Jimmy Carter met in 1994 with Kim Il Sung, the current leader's
grandfather - a meeting that paved the way for a disarmament agreement
negotiated by the Clinton administration that later collapsed. Bill Clinton met
with Kim Jong Il, the current leader's father, in 2009 when he traveled to
Pyongyang to secure the release of two detained American journalists.

As a presidential candidate, Barack Obama was criticized by both Republican and
Democratic rivals for saying he would be willing to meet with leaders of nations
like Iran, Cuba and North Korea without preconditions. Hillary Clinton said at
the time that Obama's position was naive and irresponsible.

Obama cast his position as a break from President George W. Bush's foreign
policy and the notion that the U.S. could punish a country by not talking to its
leaders.

Now in his eighth year as president, Obama has never met with North Korea's
leaders. He has met with Cuban President Raul Castro, including in Havana this
year, though their first meeting came only after negotiations between their
countries about normalizing relations.

Obama was willing to meet with Iran's President Hassan Rouhani at the United
Nations in 2013, but the Iranian leader turned down the meeting. The two did
speak by phone days later, a call that came as the U.S. eyed nuclear talks with
its longtime foe.

In the Reuters interview, Trump also called for a renegotiation of the Paris
climate accord, a global effort aimed at reducing carbon emissions, and said
that, if elected president, he would dismantle most of the Dodd-Frank financial
regulations that were put in place after the financial crisis.

He also said he's planning to release a detailed policy platform on the economy
in two weeks.

___

Colvin reported from New Jersey. Associated Press writer Julie Pace contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 11:26 PM GMT

Hillary Clinton: Trump is "not qualified" to be President

BYLINE: By CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Iowa


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Hillary Clinton had some of her strongest words yet for
presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, saying Thursday that he is "not
qualified" to be president of the United States.

In an interview with CNN, the Democratic front-runner and likely nominee
questioned Trump's ability to handle complex foreign policy challenges, decrying
what she described as his "irresponsible, reckless, dangerous comments."

Clinton cited recent comments from Trump criticizing Great Britain, praising the
leader of North Korea and questioning America's membership in the North Atlantic
Treaty Organization, or NATO. She said she knows "how hard this job is" and
added that she had "concluded he is not qualified to be president of the United
States."

Trump responded Thursday on his website, saying Clinton "has bad judgement and
is unfit to serve as President at this delicate and difficult time in our
country's history."

Looking ahead to the general election, Clinton asserted that she "will be the
nominee" for the Democratic party, noting her lead in delegates and votes over
her Democratic opponent Bernie Sanders.

"That is already done in effect. There is no way that I won't be," said Clinton,
who is 90 delegates short of clinching the nomination, though Sanders continues
to win contests and has vowed to march on to the Democratic convention in July.

On divisions among Democrats, Clinton said she was committed to party unity, but
argued that Sanders will also have to play a role in bringing Democrats
together. She recalled that in 2008, after losing the primary to President
Barack Obama, she endorsed him and campaigned for him.

"Whatever differences we may have, they pale in comparison to the Republican
nominee," Clinton said.

Asked if she should reach out to Sanders to work things out, Clinton said: "I am
absolutely committed to doing my part. But Sen. Sanders has to do his part."

She declined to say whether she'd consider Sanders for her running mate if she
wins the nomination.

Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs disputed the suggestion that the primary race
was over.

"In the past three weeks voters in Indiana, West Virginia and Oregon
respectfully disagreed with Secretary Clinton," he said in a statement. "We
expect voters in the remaining nine contests also will disagree. And with almost
every national and state poll showing Sen. Sanders doing much, much better than
Secretary Clinton against Donald Trump, it is clear that millions of Americans
have growing doubts about the Clinton campaign."

Clinton said she was ready to take on Trump, but vowed to keep the conversation
focused on issues and her record, rather than personal attacks.

"He can say whatever he wants to say," she said, later adding that if "you pick
a fight with a bully, you know, you are going to be pulled down to their
levels."

Clinton said she would not engage with Trump when he takes shots at her husband,
former President Bill Clinton.

"No, I know that that's exactly what he's fishing for. I'm not going to be
responding," Clinton said.

Clinton also spoke about the EgyptAir Flight 804, which crashed into the
Mediterranean Sea early Thursday, saying it "does appear it was an act of
terrorism" and it "shines a very bright light on the threat that we face."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 10:13 PM GMT

Eyeing Senate, Clinton directing money to 2016 battlegrounds

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 863 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton, seeking a governing coalition if she wins the
White House, is pumping millions of dollars into key battleground states at the
heart of her presidential map and Democrats' quest to regain control of the
Senate.

The Democratic National Committee and state parties are spending about $2
million initially to build coordinated campaigns in eight battleground states
with competitive Senate races. The money is being raised by Clinton's campaign
through her Hillary Victory Fund, a joint fundraising committee that allows
Clinton to raise large checks of more than $350,000 from wealthy donors.

Democrats say the coordinated effort, now a staple in presidential campaigns,
will try to build up the party's network of field organizers earlier in the
election and work more closely with Senate, House and state and local campaigns
than in previous election cycles.

The fortunes of Clinton and the Democratic Senate candidates are tightly wound.
Democrats need a net gain of five seats to recapture control of the Senate,
which could be pivotal for Clinton to move her agenda through Congress if she
wins the White House. And many Senate candidates could see their futures shaped
by Clinton's performance.

The DNC has hired a few hundred field staffers and expects to bring on more
organizers in the coming months. Many will be shifting over from working on the
presidential campaigns of Clinton and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who recently
laid off hundreds of field staffers.

"This is my third presidential cycle in Ohio and we are actually starting
earlier than before," said Rebecca Pearcey, campaign manager for former Ohio
Gov. Ted Strickland, who is challenging Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio. "The early
work will pay off for us this fall."

The DNC is using the Clinton fund to build up state organizations in Colorado,
Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania and
Wisconsin. Six of the eight states have Republican Senate incumbents and all of
the states will be targets for Clinton against Republican Donald Trump. The
states also were the key battlegrounds of the 2012 campaign between President
Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.

Republican officials say their organizing efforts have started much earlier and
are more of a focus than in 2012. The Republican National Committee has
dispatched more than 200 paid organizers around the country to help the party's
candidates. Trump recently formed a similar fundraising partnership with the RNC
and select state parties.

Republicans noted that list did not include likely battleground states such as
Iowa, where Democrats hope to unseat Republican Sen. Charles Grassley, and
Arizona, where GOP Sen. John McCain is seeking re-election.

"Clinton has essentially told all but a few Democrat Senate candidates, 'Good
luck out there, you're going to need it,'" said Greg Blair, a spokesman for the
Senate Republicans' campaign arm.

For Democrats, the organizing efforts form the bedrock of their 2016 campaign -
registering voters, recruiting volunteers and driving turnout. The campaigns
will be run by the DNC and state parties, helped by outside advisers such as
former Obama deputy campaign manager Jennifer O'Malley Dillon, and coordinate
with local, state and federal campaigns.

Four of the states with the coordinated campaign are expected to feature women
seeking Senate seats - Catherine Cortez Masto in Nevada, Katie McGinty in
Pennsylvania, Maggie Hassan in New Hampshire and Deborah Ross in North Carolina
- creating the potential for two women atop their state's Democratic ticket.

Clinton has pointed to the need to rebuild the Democratic bench and strengthen
state parties, noting Democrats' struggles in recent mid-term elections.

Clinton's Hillary Victory Fund raised more than $46 million for the DNC and
state parties through the end of April. The DNC transferred about $1 million to
these key states in April and another $1 million in May. The money is used to
cover payroll and the expenditures are expected to grow as the campaigns ramp up
their activities.

Sanders' campaign has criticized Clinton's use of the joint fundraising
committee, arguing that it has been used to build her donor email lists and
direct mail campaigns and evade more restrictive individual limits during the
primary. Clinton's campaign says it has followed the rules and the money will
help Democrats up and down the ballot.

The ground game will be crucial in Florida, which has an Aug. 30 Senate
Democratic primary between Rep. Patrick Murphy, the preferred candidate of
Senate Democrats, and Rep. Alan Grayson, a liberal favorite who has bucked the
party's leadership. The winner will need to quickly pivot to the fall campaign,
leaving little time to build a robust field operation on its own.

It will also be essential in states like Colorado, where Republican Cory Gardner
ousted incumbent Sen. Mark Udall in 2014. This time, Democrats are defending the
Senate seat of Michael Bennet.

"We don't want to take anything for granted in Colorado," said Rick Palacio, the
chairman of the state's Democratic party.

__

Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter: https://twitter.com/KThomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 10:11 PM GMT

Donald Trump to make stop in nation's most Hispanic state

BYLINE: By RUSSELL CONTRERAS, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 596 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has
scheduled his first campaign appearance in New Mexico - the state with the
highest percentage of Hispanics in the nation and where its GOP Latina governor
has previously denounced him.

His campaign website announced Thursday that Trump will hold a rally Tuesday
evening at the Albuquerque Convention Center as New Mexico prepares for its
primary two weeks later on June 7.

Trump's scheduled visit to the state comes after New Mexico Gov. Susana
Martinez, the nation's first Latina governor and a rising star within the GOP,
has harshly criticized his past statements about Mexican immigrants and Mexico.

Trump has vowed to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and last year he
compared Mexican immigrants to rapists and drug dealers.

Martinez has urged comprehensive immigration reform and asked candidates to tone
down their rhetoric amid strong anti-immigration sentiment from some fellow
Republicans.

Martinez has said she wasn't ready to support Trump but wanted to hear about his
plans to protect the state's military bases. Martinez is a prominent Republican
fundraiser in New Mexico and nationwide as chairwoman of the Republican
Governors Association, a fundraising arm of the GOP.

A spokesman for Martinez said he didn't know if the governor would attend
Trump's Albuquerque rally.

Richard Berry, Albuquerque's Republican mayor who was twice elected with sizable
Hispanic support, has not been contacted about attending the Trump rally,
according to spokeswoman Rhiannon Samuel.

Latino and immigrant rights groups have hinted that Trump and his supporters
might see demonstrations when he makes his way to New Mexico.

"Let's put it this way...we're definitely not going to roll out the red carpet
for him," said Ralph Arellanes, chair of the Hispano Round Table of New Mexico.
"You can expect to see something."

Trump has drawn scrutiny from immigration advocates for saying he would push for
the mass deportation of an estimated 11 million immigrants living in the country
illegally. He also has said he would support requiring Muslims to register in a
database.

Trump already has generated enthusiasm from Latinos to vote against him in
November should he officially win the GOP nomination, said Isaac De Luna
Navarro, a communications organizer for the Albuquerque-based immigrant rights
group EL CENTRO de Igualdad y Derechos.

"Donald Trump will realize during his visit to New Mexico that he doesn't
represent the values shared by New Mexicans and that his use of anti-immigrant
rhetoric isn't welcome by New Mexican families," Navarro said.

Other activists said they planned on attending the rally inside the convention
center but would not say if they would interrupt the gathering as seen at other
Trump rallies.

Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders is scheduled to visit New Mexico
on Friday and Saturday.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has not scheduled a visit to
the state before the primary.

Victor Reyes, a spokesman for Hillary for New Mexico, said Trump's view counter
the beliefs of many New Mexico residents.

"Donald Trump can't fool New Mexicans into thinking that he will have our best
interests in mind when he compares Mexicans to "rapists" and "criminals," has
doubled down on his pledge to deport millions of immigrant families...and would
continue to divide our country in the worst ways," Reyes said.

___

Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras . His
work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/russell-contreras.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 9:32 PM GMT

Trump to stump in New Mexico, nation's most Hispanic state

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 127 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has
scheduled his first campaign appearance in New Mexico - the state with the
highest percentage of Hispanics in the nation.

His campaign website announced Thursday that Trump will hold a rally Tuesday
evening at the Albuquerque Convention Center as New Mexico prepares for its June
7 primary.

Trump's scheduled visit comes after New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez, a fellow
Republican and the nation's first Latina governor, has denounced him for his
past statements about Mexican immigrants and Mexico.

As governor, Martinez has visited Mexico a number of times to promote trade. She
has said she wasn't ready to support Trump and wants to hear about his plans to
protect the state's military bases.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 9:23 PM GMT

Maryland Trump delegate faces child porn charges

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 143 words

DATELINE: BALTMORE


BALTMORE (AP) - A Maryland Republican Party official says one of the state's
Donald Trump delegates probably won't go to the national convention following
his federal indictment on child pornography, explosives and firearm charges.

U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein in Baltimore announced the indictment of
30-year-old Caleb Bailey on Thursday.

Bailey didn't return a telephone call. Defense attorney William Brennan says
Bailey has pleaded not guilty.

State Republican Party Executive Director Joe Cluster predicts Bailey will
resign as one of the 38 Maryland delegates elected last month, and be replaced
with an alternate. Otherwise, Cluster says, the state party's Central Committee
will likely vote to remove him.

The indictment says Bailey produced and possessed child pornography, transported
explosives without a license, and illegally possessed a machine gun.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 9:02 PM GMT

Oregon high school students protest 'build a wall' banner

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND, Ore.


PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Hundreds of Oregon high school students walked out of
class Thursday to protest a banner that made reference to Donald Trump's plan
for a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico.

A sign reading "build a wall" appeared briefly in a cafeteria Wednesday at
Forest Grove High School in suburban Portland. School officials quickly removed
it.

Students who protested Thursday morning marched down a street before eventually
returning to school. Some students from other Oregon high schools joined the
demonstration.

The Forest Grove district has the highest percentage of Latino students in the
Portland area. Officials said the students responsible for the banner were
disciplined.

Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has said he wants to
clamp down on illegal immigration and for Mexico to pay for a border wall.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 8:57 PM GMT

Trump, Clinton speeches to highlight US divisions on guns

BYLINE: By RYAN J. FOLEY and LISA MARIE PANE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 888 words


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton will court voters on opposite sides of the gun
debate over the next two days in events that will highlight the nation's deep
divide on the topic.

Trump and other top Republicans will speak at the National Rifle Association
convention Friday in Louisville, where organizers are trying to unite gun-rights
voters by painting Clinton as a foe of their causes who must be stopped.

Clinton will appear Saturday in Florida with the mother of Trayvon Martin and
other parents who have lost children to gun violence. She's become a forceful
advocate for restrictions meant to reduce the nation's 33,000 annual gun deaths.

The dual appearances highlight the opposing positions the candidates have staked
out on gun rights and safety, the prominent role the issue might play in the
campaign and the national policy implications for the next president.

"If you cherish Second Amendment rights, the stakes have never been higher than
they are in this election," NRA spokeswoman Jennifer Baker said.

The NRA - which Clinton listed as an enemy in a debate last year - is warning
its 5 million members that Clinton would appoint anti-Second Amendment justices
and "implement a radical gun-control agenda," Baker said.

Clinton has said she supports the Second Amendment but that commonsense safety
measures are needed to keep firearms out of the wrong hands. She has called for
expanding background checks to sales at gun shows and online purchases, and for
reinstating a ban on assault weapons.

She has often campaigned with families of gun violence victims and will rejoin
many on Saturday as the keynote speaker at an event sponsored by the Trayvon
Martin Foundation. The fatal shooting of the unarmed black teenager in 2012
continues to be a flashpoint in the debate. Former neighborhood watchman George
Zimmerman recently said he planned to auction off the gun he used in the
slaying.

Trump, who often notes that he has a concealed-carry permit, has called for
making it easier for law-abiding citizens to carry guns for self-protection,
saying they could help prevent terrorist attacks and mass shootings. He argues
the existing background check system should be fixed, not expanded, and that
assault-weapons bans do not work.

The latter view marks a change from 2000, when Trump wrote in a book that he
supported the ban on assault weapons as well as a slightly longer waiting period
for gun purchases.

Supporters of gun control have been energized by Clinton's campaign and fear a
Trump presidency would maintain a national policy that favors easy access to
guns.

Clinton "is in tune with what's happening on the streets," said Tanya Keith, 44,
a mother of three in Des Moines, Iowa, who got involved in gun-safety advocacy
after attending a Clinton event last summer. "I'm not trying to take away
anyone's gun. I'm just trying to make it less likely for my daughter to get shot
on her way home from school or my son to get accidentally shot on a play date."

Gun sales have boomed during Barack Obama's presidency despite, and perhaps in
part because of, several mass shootings and persistent gun violence in cities.
His calls to expand background checks have been stymied by the GOP-controlled
Congress. He has taken modest steps through executive orders, and Clinton vows
to build on that work.

States are moving in vastly different policy directions: Gun-friendly lawmakers
keep making it easier to buy and carry guns. Gun-control supporters keep adding
restrictions.

California, already among the nation's toughest states on guns, will vote in
November on a ballot initiative that would require buyers of ammunition to pass
background checks and outlaw high-capacity magazines. Meanwhile, other states
are moving to allow people to carry concealed weapons in more places, including
on college campuses, and to do so without having to obtain a permit.

The divide can be exasperating for those who seek a middle ground that would
protect gun rights and improve public safety.

"All the political rhetoric right now, and Twitter and Facebook ... is
polarizing us, telling us we're in one camp or another," said Jonathan Metzl, a
professor at Vanderbilt University who studies guns and mental health. "Maybe
after the election we can come to terms with this."

Nathan Gibson of Johnston, Iowa, has seen the polarization firsthand. For three
years, Gibson and his daughters, 12 and 10, have lobbied to repeal an Iowa law
that requires handgun users to be at least 14 years old. The law prevents his
girls from competing in some shooting sports, requiring them to drive to
neighboring states.

The Republican-controlled Iowa House approved a change in February that would
allow children to use handguns under parental supervision. Critics called it the
"toddler militia" bill, and Clinton accused the NRA of trying to get more guns
in the hands of children. Leaders of the Democratic-controlled Senate killed the
bill.

Gibson said he saw Clinton's position as hypocritical, noting that she has
talked about hunting as a young girl.

"I'm not a very big fan of Donald Trump, but I also think he won't mess with the
Second Amendment," Gibson said. "When it comes down to it, I'll vote for Trump
to make sure Hillary does not get into office."

___

Associated Press Writer Jill Colvin in Jersey City, New Jersey, contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 8:32 PM GMT

Home Depot slams its worker's 'America Was Never Great' cap

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 149 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Home Depot says one of its New York City stores will take steps
to ensure employees aren't promoting political messages at work after one wore a
cap opposing a Donald Trump slogan.

The Staten Island Advance newspaper (http://bit.ly/1R9C9EX) says the action was
prompted after an image of an employee wearing the cap went viral Wednesday.

Krystal Lake says she went to work wearing a hat that read "America Was Never
Great," a twist on the presumptive Republican presidential nominee's slogan
"Make America Great Again."

She says her point was America "needs changing and improvement." She says
co-workers have worn pro-Trump pins and pendants.

Lake is black. She says she's received death threats and racist remarks.

Atlanta-based Home Depot Inc. says workers aren't allowed to wear items
reflecting political statements.

___

Information from: Staten Island Advance, http://www.silive.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 7:03 PM GMT

Clinton grapples with Trump's ability to stay in spotlight

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 853 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump kept himself planted firmly in the political
spotlight this week with one headline-grabbing move after another - launching a
social media defense of his treatment of women, listing possible Supreme Court
nominees, rapidly declaring an Egyptian plane crash an act of terrorism.

His likely general election opponent, Hillary Clinton, seemed content to hang in
the background.

But Clinton's stay-above-the-fray attitude masks unresolved questions that have
gnawed at her campaign since Trump virtually locked up the Republican
nomination. How can the wonkish Clinton counteract Trump's finely-tuned ability
to command attention? Can she win the White House by letting Trump run on his
terms, hoping his unorthodox candidacy wears thin with voters by November?

Or does she need to make a positive case for her own candidacy, something she
has struggled to articulate during the Democratic primary?

"She's going to have to do things to keep her side motivated, to keep people
excited, keep it aspirational," said Steve Schale, a Florida Democratic
strategist who advised President Barack Obama's White House campaigns.

Clinton's unexpectedly tough battle with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders highlights
her struggle to make that case thus far.

Sanders' supporters can repeat whole sections of his campaign speech verbatim.
Trump's backers chime in on cue when he asks who will pay for his proposed
border wall with Mexico.

The former secretary of state, by contrast, throws a policy-filled kitchen sink
at voters. She pledges to break down barriers to progress, build on President
Barack Obama's priorities and implement lessons learned from her husband's
economic stewardship in the 1990s.

And her ability to define the race on her own terms could only get harder in a
face-off with Trump, the dominant force in this presidential contest and a
master of defining his opponents before they can define themselves.

"He's good at dominating the news cycle and changing the news cycle to fit his
purposes," said Rick Tyler, former communications director for Texas Sen. Ted
Cruz's failed presidential campaign. "He has this ability to just change the
trajectory of where the news is going by using amazing distractions that are
just too delicious to pass up."

To be sure, Clinton has overcome her messaging struggles in the primary and is
close to clinching the Democratic nomination. But facing Trump will be another
matter, with his capacity to set the tone for the day in the morning through
frequent tweets and calls into news shows, catching his rivals off guard and
leaving them scrambling to catch up.

The last days underscored Trump's grip on the spotlight, and his willingness to
stay there even when attention turns negative.

After a newspaper article detailing his behavior with women, Trump kept the
story alive by repeatedly bashing the reporters and defending his actions. He
shifted the conservation to his possible presidency by announcing a list of
judges he might nominate to the high court. He then said on Twitter the roll out
went so well that he might add more names.

In between, Trump said he could negotiate with North Korea's leader. He called
Ferguson, Missouri, and Oakland, California, more dangerous than Iraq. And he
used the word "rape" in speaking about Bill Clinton's past indiscretions.

While Clinton's campaign released paper statements responding to some of Trump's
statements, the candidate herself stayed largely quiet. In an interview with CNN
Thursday, she said Trump is "not qualified" to be president.

Clinton's advisers and outside backers say they're not making the same mistake
as Trump's Republican primary rivals. The GOP contenders spent months predicting
the businessman's collapse under the weight of a controversial comment - or
collection of them - and tried to avoid alienating his supporters while they
waited.

Clinton has made clear she won't respond to Trump's every move. "I'm going to
let him run his campaign however he chooses," she told reporters recently.
Still, Priorities USA Action, a pro-Clinton super PAC is already running its
first anti-Trump ads in battleground states as part of a $130 million general
election advertising buy.

"Republican anti-Trump efforts were too little, too late," said Justin Barasky,
the group's spokesman.

Clinton has another significant advantage compared to Trump's previous
opponents, many of whom were unknown to most Americans. Clinton can match
Trump's high profile, having spent nearly three decades in national politics,
and is unlikely to be totally drowned out by the real estate mogul.

"She's the only other candidate in this race who has the ability to break
through," said Mo Elleithee, director of the Georgetown Institute of Politics
and Public Service and a Clinton campaign adviser in 2008.

That will require more than just responding to perceived offenses, however.

"The road to the White House in 2016 is littered with the carcasses of
candidacies that were equally as offended," Elleithee added. "Being upset about
him, being angry about him isn't enough."

___

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 6:22 PM GMT

Poll: Two-thirds of US would struggle to cover $1,000 crisis

BYLINE: By KEN SWEET and EMILY SWANSON, The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 885 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Two-thirds of Americans would have difficulty coming up with the
money to cover a $1,000 emergency, according to an exclusive poll released
Thursday, a signal that despite years after the Great Recession, Americans'
finances remain precarious as ever.

These difficulties span all incomes, according to the poll conducted by The
Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. Three-quarters of
people in households making less than $50,000 a year and two-thirds of those
making between $50,000 and $100,000 would have difficulty coming up with $1,000
to cover an unexpected bill.

Even for the country's wealthiest 20 percent - households making more than
$100,000 a year - 38 percent say they would have at least some difficulty coming
up with $1,000.

"The more we learn about the balance sheets of Americans, it becomes quite
alarming," said Caroline Ratcliffe, a senior fellow at the Urban Institute
focusing on poverty and emergency savings issues.

Mitchell Timme, 26, said that his wages have remained flat for the last few
years while his cost of living has increased. Once everything is paid "there's
nothing left to save," he said.

"It definitely adds stress to everyday life. It hangs over you. While it's not
something you would complain about every day, it's there. And it weighs on you,"
Timme said, who works at a security company in Phoenix.

Having a modest, immediately available emergency fund is recognized as critical
to financial health. Families that have even a small amount of non-retirement
savings, between $250 and $749, are less likely to be evicted from their homes
and less likely to need public benefits, an Urban Institute study found.

"People are extremely vulnerable if they don't have savings," Ratcliffe said.
"And it's a cost to taxpayers as well. Lack of savings can lead to homelessness,
or other problems."

Despite an absence of savings, two-thirds of Americans said they feel positive
about their finances , according to survey data released Wednesday by AP-NORC, a
sign that they're managing day-to-day expenses fine. The challenge for many
often comes from economic forces beyond their control such as a dip in the stock
market that threatens their job or an unexpected medical bill.

When faced with an unexpected $1,000 bill, a majority of Americans said they
wouldn't be especially likely to pay with money on hand, the AP-NORC survey
found. A third said they would have to borrow from a bank or from friends and
family, or put the bill on a credit card. Thirteen percent would skip paying
other bills, and 11 percent said they would likely not pay the bill at all.

Those numbers suggest most American families do not have at least $1,000 stashed
away in a savings account, much less under their mattresses, to cover an
emergency.

Americans' struggle to save isn't new. Three CBS News and The New York Times
polls going back more than 20 years show a majority of Americans would have
difficulty covering a $1,000 emergency. The AP-NORC results also correlate with
a 2015 study by the Federal Reserve in which 47 percent of respondents said they
either could not cover a $400 emergency expense or would have to sell something
or borrow money.

And the struggle impacts retirement savings as well. When AP-NORC asked if they
will have enough savings to retire when they want to, 54 percent of working
Americans say they are not very or not at all confident they will have enough.
Only 14 percent say they are confident they can retire on time.

The AP-NORC findings illuminate how many Americans' frustrations over the
economy, income inequality and financial insecurity has contributed to this
dizzying presidential election.

Billionaire businessman Donald Trump became the presumptive nominee for the
Republican Party largely on a populist platform and a promise to "Make America
Great Again." On the left, socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont captured
voters with a message of dismantling Wall Street and higher taxes on the rich.

The reasons why Americans don't save are complex. One economist says it's a
holdover from the '70s and '80s, when high inflation ate into the value of money
stashed in a savings account. Others say U.S. tax policy rewards saving money
for retirement or taking out a mortgage over short-term emergencies.

When asked to comment on the poll's findings, the White House said "there is
still more to do" to help Americans be more secure at times financial stress.

The Great Recession and lack of wage growth in recent years have not helped. In
the same AP-NORC poll, 46 percent of workers said their wages have remained
stagnant in the last five years, and another 16 percent said they've seen salary
cuts. Meanwhile, costs for basic needs, such as food, housing and health care,
have risen.

"Many families are still struggling with debt from the housing bubble and
borrowing boom. And the recent economic stresses make it much more likely
families are going to be fighting basic financial issues," said William R.
Emmons, a senior economic adviser at the Center for Household Financial
Stability at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.

___

The poll's findings can be found at the AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/

Swanson reported from Washington. White House correspondent Josh Lederman
contributed to this report from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 5:18 PM GMT

Auto union to endorse Democrat but won't say who

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 158 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT (AP) - The United Auto Workers union ruled out endorsing Republican
Donald Trump Thursday and said it will soon announce its pick between Democrats
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

Union President Dennis Williams said Trump has suggested moving auto production
out of Michigan to lower-wage states as a way to stop factory jobs from going to
Mexico. He says that won't help the middle class.

The union executive board has decided on a candidate, but Williams wouldn't
reveal the endorsement Thursday.

He says Sanders has made trade agreements a campaign issue. But he doesn't blame
Clinton for approval of the North American Free Trade Agreement signed into law
by her husband.

The union has opposed NAFTA, contending that it cost the U.S. good-paying
manufacturing jobs by allowing companies to move factories south of the border.

At just over 400,000 members, the UAW's endorsement is still important. But it's
not as big as it was in the 1970s.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 3:46 PM GMT

Cathy McMorris Rodgers says she voted for Trump

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers says she voted
for Donald Trump in Washington's presidential primary.

But the highest-ranking woman in House leadership also expressed lingering
reservations about the presumptive GOP nominee in a statement posted on
Facebook.

"Did I cast my ballot with enthusiasm? Not exactly,' she wrote. "I'm still
getting to know Mr. Trump like so many others."

She cited Trump's past comments about women, people with disabilities and those
from different backgrounds and says she vehemently disagreed with such
statements.

McMorris Rodgers also noted the millions of voters who have cast their ballots
for Trump and described his likely Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, as lacking
the integrity to be president.

She says she's been speaking with Trump's team since meeting him last week and
is "encouraged so far."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 12:00 PM GMT

Trump's Supreme Court list underscores election's importance

BYLINE: By MARK SHERMAN and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 858 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court nominees is a
splashy reminder that the 2016 presidential election could determine the
direction of the high court for years to come.

The presumptive Republican nominee on Wednesday named 11 federal and state court
judges as potential replacements for the late Justice Antonin Scalia, any of
whom would restore conservative control of the court lost with his death.

President Barack Obama has nominated Judge Merrick Garland to take Scalia's
place, but Republicans who control the Senate say they will not fill the seat
before the election. That leaves the Supreme Court with eight justices, divided
4 to 4 by ideology.

Scalia's death was a shock, but the next few years are almost certain to produce
more vacancies. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is 83, Justice Anthony Kennedy turns
80 in July and Justice Stephen Breyer will be 78 before the end of the summer.

A Trump nominee in any of those seats would cement conservative domination of
the court for years, if not decades. By contrast, a victory by the Democrats in
November probably would lead to the most liberal Supreme Court in a
half-century.

Trump had said he would appoint justices in the mold of the conservative Scalia,
whom Trump called "a remarkable person and a brilliant Supreme Court justice."

The eight men and three women, all white, on Trump's list are all judges, six
who sit on federal appeals court judges and five state appellate judges.

The announcement came as Trump is working to bring together a fractured
Republican Party and earn the trust of still-skeptical establishment Republicans
who question his electability in the general election, as well as conservatives
in his party still wary of his commitment to their cause.

In a statement, Trump said the list "is representative of the kind of
constitutional principles I value" and said that, as president, he would use it
"as a guide to nominate our next United States Supreme Court justices."

They include Judge William Pryor of the Atlanta-based federal appeals court, who
has called the landmark Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion nationwide the
"worst abomination in the history of constitutional law."

Joan Larsen, who serves on the Michigan Supreme Court, is a former law clerk to
Scalia who delivered one of the tributes to the late justice at his memorial
service. She served in the Justice Department office that produced the legal
justifications for the enhanced interrogation techniques, including
waterboarding, that critics have called torture.

"I'm focused on doing my job for the people of Michigan," she said Wednesday. "I
love being a judge. I love this court. I love the work of this court. And that's
where my focus lies."

Also on the list is Judge Steven Colloton, a member of the federal appeals court
in St. Louis. Colloton was part of a unanimous three-judge panel that ruled for
faith-affiliated groups that challenged Obama administration rules giving women
covered by the groups' health plans access to cost-free contraceptives.

Colloton's panel was the only one of nine appeals courts that sided with the
nonprofit groups, and the Supreme Court this week failed to resolve the conflict
among the lower courts. Instead, the justices threw out all the appellate
rulings and ordered the lower courts to re-examine the issue in a search for a
compromise outcome.

Advocates on both sides of the abortion debate were quick to react in ways that
pointed to the importance of the presidential election.

"Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court nominees are a woman's worst
nightmare. Their records reveal a lineup of individuals who would likely
overturn Roe v. Wade if given the chance, gutting what's left of abortion access
in this country and heaping punishment on women," said Ilyse Hogue, president of
NARAL Pro-Choice America.

On the other side of the issue, Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie
Dannenfelser said Trump's list was especially strong and stood in contrast to
judges Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton would choose.

"There is no question Clinton would only nominate judges who stand in lock-step
with the abortion lobby and would strike down even the most modest abortion
limits," Dannenfelser said.

Trump's list is also notable for the names that don't appear. It omits two of
the biggest stars in the conservative legal world, Judge Brett Kavanaugh of the
federal appeals court in Washington, and former Bush administration Solicitor
General Paul Clement.

Indeed, none of those mentioned works in Washington, although several have
served as Supreme Court law clerks or worked in the Justice Department.

Among the judicial candidates, Sykes, a judge on the federal appeals court in
Chicago, is the oldest at 58, while Stras, a justice on the Minnesota Supreme
Court, is the youngest at 41.

No one has gone directly from a state court to the Supreme Court since Sandra
Day O'Connor in 1981.

___

Colvin reported from New Jersey. Associated Press writer Michael Gerstein
reported from Lansing, Michigan.

___

Follow Jill Colvin and Mark Sherman on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/colvinj
and http://twitter.com/shermancourt

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 11:58 AM GMT

Trump calls EgyptAir crash 'another terrorist attack'

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 110 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is
weighing in on the crash of an EgyptAir flight that had been traveling from
Paris to Cairo, calling it "yet another terrorist attack."

In a Twitter post Thursday, Trump pointed to the incident, asking "when will we
get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!"

The flight, with 66 passengers and crew on board, crashed in the Mediterranean
Sea off the Greek island of Crete early Thursday morning.

Egyptian, French and Greek officials have launched investigations into the crash
but say it is too early to determine whether it was due to a technical error or
an act of terrorism.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 11:17 AM GMT

Amazon's Bezos calls Trump's behavior not 'appropriate'

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Amazon founder and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos says
Donald Trump's criticism of him and the newspaper is "not an appropriate way for
a presidential candidate to behave."

The Washington Post reports Bezos told a technology conference at the
newspaper's headquarters Wednesday that "it's critical that we be able to
carefully examine our leaders," while also noting that "a company like Amazon
deserves to be scrutinized and criticized."

Bezos is responding to Trump's comments to Fox News last week, when the likely
Republican presidential nominee said Bezos is "using The Washington Post for
power so that the politicians in Washington don't tax Amazon like they should be
taxed."

Washington Post executive editor Martin Baron said last week that he has
"received no instructions from Jeff Bezos" regarding campaign coverage.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 10:59 AM GMT

Trump more than happy to agree Sanders is getting a raw deal

BYLINE: By LISA LERER and JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 868 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Bernie Sanders is winning sympathy from an unlikely ally:
Donald Trump.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee is seizing on Sanders' refrain
that the Democratic Party is stacked against him, shutting out his supporters
and rigging the rules to favor Hillary Clinton.

In rallies, tweets and interviews, Trump has made Sanders' plight a frequent
talking point.

"Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is
rigged against him," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "Many of his disenfranchised fans
are for me!" This followed Sanders' victory in the Oregon primary, with a
Kentucky contest too close to call.

As Trump tries to make common cause with Sanders backers attacking their own
party, Sanders' path to the nomination has narrowed to the nearly impossible and
campaign donations have plummeted. He's putting forward a long list of
grievances with the Democratic Party as the reason for his declining fortunes.
And he's threatening that unless the system is changed, Republicans - like Trump
- will win over working-class voters.

The central target of his ire: Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie
Wasserman Schultz.

"We can have a long conversation about Debbie Wasserman Schultz, just about how
she's been throwing shade on the Sanders campaign from the very beginning,"
Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said on CNN.

Schultz aside, Clinton has won over broad majorities of minority and female
voters, giving her the lead not only in delegates but in the popular vote. But
that reality hasn't swayed Sanders, whose heavy emphasis on party functionaries
and arcane political rules is a notable change for a candidate who's long
focused on curbing income inequality, regulating Wall Street and eradicating the
influence of corporate money in politics.

Sanders and Trump have both seen themselves as victims of a system stacked
against them by the establishment. It's a complaint Trump has put behind him now
that he's vanquished his rivals and come within reach of a nomination-clinching
delegate majority. But Sanders and his supporters are simmering, if not boiling
over, with that grievance now.

"I've been receiving phone calls from all over the U.S. - profane, sexist, they
threatened my life, they've threatened my family," said Nevada Democratic Party
chairwoman Roberta Lange. "I feel threatened everywhere I go."

Those protests, though, are rooted in rules that were set months, if not years,
ago - long before Trump and Sanders caught fire with the independents and
first-time voters who've fueled their rise. Both were tripped up by Byzantine
party statutes that govern how nominees are chosen.

When Trump saw Ted Cruz begin to outmaneuver him in the hunt for delegates,
Trump started railing against a "rigged" and "crooked" electoral system that he
said favored the will of party bosses over millions of Republican voters. And
Trump frequently linked his fate with that of Sanders, expressing disbelief that
Sanders could win one primary after the next and still be losing to Clinton.

While the Republican system's rigging was more "sophisticated," he said, the
Democrats' system was just as bad, because of its use of hundreds of
superdelegates - the party insiders who can declare their support for any
candidate regardless of who wins primary contests.

In Nevada, chair throwing, shouted profanities and even death threats to party
leaders marked a meeting of the state party on Saturday. Sanders supporters
accused Lange of stacking the rules against them. But those rules were approved
by the state party's full board weeks ago, party officials said.

Clinton backers say the Sanders supporters simply do not understand the process.

"I cannot see anything that's within the jurisdiction of the rules committee
that has any impact on who's the nominee," said former Massachusetts Rep. Barney
Frank, a Clinton backer charged by the DNC with heading up the convention rules
committee. "He just got mad at me because some of the criticism that I've made
of his legislative record."

But Weaver said on MSNBC on Wednesday that "clear structural impediments" block
the rise of insurgent candidates like Sanders and prevent new voters from
joining the party.

Sanders says he will fight hard to defeat Trump, whether or not he captures his
party's nomination.

Clinton, who is on a firm path to clinching the nomination within weeks, faces
the prospect of winning back Sanders supporters, many of whom are feeling
increasingly alienated.

That hasn't gone unnoticed by Trump. His campaign sees winning over angry
Sanders supporters and other disenchanted Democrats - particularly in states
like Pennsylvania, Michigan and Ohio - as key to victory.

In recent days, Trump has begun to suggest that Sanders should mount a
third-party campaign. "He should run as an independent!" tweeted Trump on
Monday. "Run Bernie, run."

The idea is not rooted in sympathy, though, but in Trump's conviction that such
an independent effort would siphon votes from Clinton in the fall and help make
him president.

___

Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Jersey City, New Jersey, Michelle
Rindels in Nevada, and Hope Yen and Ken Thomas in Washington contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 7:24 AM GMT

Trump uses the word 'rape' when discussing Bill Clinton

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: JERSEY CITY, N.J.


JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump has used the word "rape" in discussing past allegations of sexual
misconduct involving former President Bill Clinton, further escalating his
rhetoric on the subject.

Clinton's wife, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, is the front-runner
for the Democratic nomination and Trump's likely opponent in the November
general election.

In an interview Wednesday night with Fox News Channel host Sean Hannity, Trump
was answering questions about an unflattering story published this past weekend
by The New York Times involving his relationships with women when he turned his
attention to Bill Clinton.

"By the way, you know, it's not like the worst things, OK," Trump said. "You
look at what Clinton's gone through with all of the problems and all of the
things that he's done."

Hannity went on to question whether the newspaper would interview women
including Juanita Broaddrick, Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey. All three have
accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct.

"In one case, it's about exposure. In another case, it's about groping and
fondling and touching against a woman's will," Hannity said.

"And rape," Trump responded.

"And rape," Hannity repeated.

In response to the exchange, Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill said in a statement:
"Trump is doing what he does best, attacking when he feels wounded and dragging
the American people through the mud for his own gain. If that's the kind of
campaign he wants to run that's his choice."

Allegations of womanizing, extramarital affairs and abuse have trickled out over
the course of Bill Clinton's political life, including what his campaign
referred to as "bimbo eruptions" when he first ran for president in 1992.

More allegations of misbehavior emerged after investigators in 1997 started
looking into Clinton's sexual encounters with White House intern Monica
Lewinsky. Clinton was impeached over the Lewinsky affair.

In 1998, he agreed to an $850,000 settlement with Jones, an Arkansas state
worker, who had accused Clinton of exposing himself and making indecent
propositions when Clinton was the state's governor. The settlement included no
apology or admission of guilt.

Broaddrick, a nurse, in 1999 claimed she was raped by then-state Attorney
General Clinton at a Little Rock hotel in 1978. Kathleen Willey, a White House
volunteer, claimed Clinton fondled her when she met privately with him at the
White House in 1993 to seek a job.

Clinton denied the allegations by Broaddrick and Willey.

Trump has made clear in recent weeks that he intends to make Bill Clinton's
sexual history a key campaign issue, describing him at rallies and on social
media as "the worst abuser of women in the history of politics" and labeling his
wife an "enabler."

Hillary Clinton has refused to respond to Trump's comments, at one point telling
reporters she had "nothing to say" about Trump "and how he's running his
campaign."

___

Follow Jill Colvin on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/colvinj

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 7:21 AM GMT

Trump's investments include companies he bashed

BYLINE: By JEFF HORWITZ and CHAD DAY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump has invested in some of the companies that he
uses as punching bags on the campaign trail, according to new financial
documents he submitted to the U.S. government.

In his 104-page public financial disclosure report, the presumptive Republican
nominee reported holding investments in companies like Ford Motor Co., Apple
Inc. and the parent company of the maker of Oreo cookies - all businesses that
he's assailed for outsourcing or, in Apple's case, not agreeing to crack into
iPhones for police or federal law enforcement in criminal cases. Trump also has
invested in other companies that have outsourced jobs but escaped his public
shaming.

One of Trump's main talking points during his campaign rallies is that as
president he would stop the outflow of American jobs. He often calls out
companies and their products by name. The investments make up only a tiny
fraction of Trump's reported net worth, and a comparison with his previous
filings show he's reduced his holdings in some of the companies he targets.

Trump's campaign did not respond to emailed questions about his investments in
companies that have recently outsourced jobs. The campaign also did not return a
phone message from The Associated Press on Wednesday.

"I love Oreos. I will never eat them again," Trump said in August after Nabisco
announced it was laying off 600 bakery workers in Chicago and building a new
facility in Mexico. Trump reported between $5,000 and $15,000 in interest income
from a now-sold investment in Nabisco's parent company.

"Who do they think they are?" Trump said of Apple in February, when the company
balked at hacking an iPhone used by one of the two people in a mass shooting in
San Bernardino, California. More recently, Trump pledged to make Apple "build
their damn computers and things in this country." Trump holds multiple
investments in Apple, which combined are worth between $1.1 million and $2.25
million.

"We're going to tax you when those air conditioners come," Trump said in
February of air conditioner manufacturer Carrier Corp., whose parent company
United Technologies Corp. relocated 1,400 jobs to Monterrey, Mexico. Trump no
longer owns stock in the company, but he earned between $2,500 and $5,000 in
interest income from a sold investment.

In March, Trump blasted Disney for its "outrageous practices" in requiring 250
Florida workers to train their foreign replacements before being laid off. Trump
owns between $15,000 and $50,000 in Disney stock.

In April, Trump called Ford's plans to open a $1.6 billion assembly plant in
Mexico "an absolute disgrace," and threatened to impose a 35 percent tax on
imported Ford vehicles. In his personal financial disclosures, Trump reports
investments in Ford Motor Credit Co. worth between $500,000 and $1 million.

Trump so far hasn't attacked all the companies he listed on his financial
records that have outsourced jobs. Trump listed investments in V F Corp. and
Thermo Fisher Scientific, both of which moved jobs out of the U.S. in
high-profile outsourcing deals last year.

But Trump has put the others on notice.

"Carrier and Ford and Nabisco need to know that there are consequences to
leaving and firing people," Trump said at a rally in Evansville, Indiana, last
month. "You can't just go to another country and make products to sell across
our weak borders."

___

Follow Jeff Horwitz and Chad Day on Twitter: https://twitter.com/JeffHorwitz and
https://twitter.com/ChadSDay

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 7:21 AM GMT

A look at Trump's Supreme Court picks

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 737 words


Donald Trump's campaign says its list of 11 potential nominees to the Supreme
Court is "first and foremost, based on constitutional principles, with input
from highly respected conservatives and Republican Party leadership."

The presumptive Republican nominee released the list Wednesday as he works to
bring together a fractured GOP and earn the trust of still-skeptical
establishment Republicans who question his electability.

People whom Trump says he would consider nominating if he were president:

STEVEN COLLOTON, Iowa

The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Republican
President George W. Bush in 2003. Educated at Princeton and Yale universities,
Colloton is a former federal prosecutor for the Southern District of Iowa and
clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist.

___

ALLISON EID, Colorado

The associate justice of the Colorado Supreme Court has served in the seat since
2006, when she was appointed by former Republican Gov. Bill Owens and retained
by the voters in 2011. Educated at the University of Chicago, Eid is a former
state solicitor general and clerked for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.

___

RAYMOND GRUENDER, Missouri

The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Bush in 2004. He is
a former federal prosecutor and received his law degree and a master's degree in
business from Washington University of St. Louis.

___

THOMAS HARDIMAN, Pennsylvania

The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Bush and confirmed
to that seat in 2007. Bush also appointed him U.S. District Court judge for the
Western District of Pennsylvania in 2003. He was schooled at the University of
Notre Dame and Georgetown University.

___

RAYMOND KETHLEDGE, Michigan

The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was first nominated by Bush in 2006,
but due to a backup of judicial nominations in the Senate, was not confirmed
until 2008. He worked as a counsel to former Sen. Spencer Abraham, R-Mich., and
clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy. He received a law degree from the
University of Michigan.

___

JOAN LARSEN, Michigan

The associate justice of the Michigan Supreme Court was a law professor when she
was appointed last year by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder. She received her law
degree from Northwestern University. Earlier in her career, she was assistant
attorney general in the Justice Department and clerked for Justice Antonin
Scalia. After Scalia's death, she wrote that Scalia's passing "leaves a giant
void in the court and in the intellectual discourse over the law. It is
difficult to imagine anyone filling the gap."

___

THOMAS LEE, Utah

The associate justice of the Utah Supreme Court was appointed by Republican Gov.
Gary Herbert in 2010. He is the brother of U.S. Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, a staunch
ally of former GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz. He's also the son of Rex
Lee, a U.S. solicitor general in President Ronald Reagan's administration. Lee
never served as a judge before Herbert picked him for Utah's high court. He
worked in private practice, and was a deputy assistant attorney general under
Bush and clerked for Thomas. He earned his law degree at the University of
Chicago.

___

WILLIAM PRYOR, Jr. Alabama

The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed by Bush and confirmed
in 2004. He also is a member of the U.S. Sentencing Commission. His a former
state attorney general and law professor and earned his law degree at Tulane
University.

___

DAVID STRAS, Minnesota

The associate justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court was elected to a six-year
term in 2012. He received his law degree and master's degree in business from
the University of Kansas, and clerked for Thomas.

___

DIANE SYKES, Wisconsin

The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge was appointed to the post in 2003 by
Bush and confirmed the following year. She is a former state Supreme Court judge
and received her law degree from Marquette University.

___

DON WILLETT, Texas

The Texas Supreme Court justice was appointed in 2005 by then-Gov. Rick Perry,
who was one of Trump's many early challengers for the GOP presidential
nomination, and was twice re-elected. He's a former deputy assistant attorney
general in the Justice Department and received his law and master's degrees from
Duke University.

In March, Willett took a swipe at Trump's conservatism, tweeting: "Can't wait
till Trump rips off his face Mission Impossible-style & reveals a laughing Ruth
Bader Ginsburg."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sidebar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 4:41 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Thursday

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 353 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. EGYPTAIR SAYS PLANE DISAPPEARS MIDAIR

The airline says an Airbus A320 carrying 56 passengers and 10 crew members from
Paris to Cairo was flying at 37,000 feet when it vanished from radar.

2. TRUMP UNVEILS HIS TOP PICKS FOR SUPREME COURT

The list of conservative judges marks a rare moment of acknowledgment by the
presumptive GOP presidential nominee that he could be doing more to appease
those in his party opposed to his candidacy.

3. WHY DEMOCRATS, SANDERS ARE ON THE BRINK

Party leaders are growing increasingly vocal in their concerns about the
continued candidacy of the White House hopeful who, for his part, has sharpened
his critique of the party.

4. NIGERIAN GIRL KIDNAPPED 2 YEARS AGO FOUND ALIVE

The news gives hope to the families of the 218 teenagers from the same school
who are still missing, and may provide information as to their whereabouts.

5. LEBANESE MAN HELD IN IRAN HAD PAST U.S. CONTRACTS

Nizar Zakka leads an NGO that received grants totaling $730,000 from the
American government to foster civil society groups in the Middle East, the AP
finds.

6. PROTESTERS CLASH WITH POLICE IN VENEZUELA

The opposition demands the government allow it to pursue a recall referendum
against unpopular President Nicolas Maduro.

7. NEW PENIS RECIPIENT LOOKS FORWARD TO BEING 'COMPLETE' MAN

"There is no doubt in my mind that everything is going to work," 64-year-old
Thomas Manning says.

8. WHAT WORSENS HOUSTON FLOODS

Experts say more frequent and destructive flooding is due to climate change and
unrestrained development in the only major U.S. city without zoning rules.

9. WHERE NEW HORNED DINOSAUR SPECIES IS DISCOVERED

A novice fossil collector's lucky find in a remote Montana badlands more than a
decade ago turns out to be a new kind of fossil reptile that lived 76 million
years ago.

10. CURRY DAZZLES AGAIN, WARRIORS GET EVEN

The NBA MVP scored 15 straight points in less than 2 minutes in the third
quarter and Golden State routs Oklahoma City 118-91 to even the Western
Conference finals at a game apiece.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 3:35 AM GMT

The Latest: Clinton campaign slams Trump Supreme Court list

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1862 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court
justices (all times local):

7:30 p.m.

Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman has released a scathing statement
in response to likely rival Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court
picks.

John Podesta says Trump's list of 11 Supreme Court candidates includes "no
people of color, but does include a judge who upheld a law requiring doctors to
use scare tactics to impede reproductive rights and another judge who equated
homosexual sex to bestiality, pedophilia and necrophilia."

Podesta was referring, respectively, to Missouri appeals judge Raymond Gruender
and Alabama appeals judge William Pryor Jr.

__

6:41 a.m.

One of the 11 judges named by Donald Trump on Wednesday as a potential
replacement for the late Antonin Scalia says her inclusion on the list took her
by surprise.

Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen says the presumptive Republican
nominee's campaign gave her no heads-up that she was one of the people Trump had
identified as worth vetting for the highest court if he becomes president.

"It was a complete surprise to me," she says, adding that she was "honored" to
be associated with the "incredibly distinguished jurists" on the list.

Larsen declined to share her opinion of Trump, saying that she's "forbidden by
the cannons of judicial ethics from having a position on that."

She adds that she's focused on her current job in Michigan.

___

6:15 p.m.

One of Donald Trump's possible Supreme Court nominees never served as a judge
before being joining the Utah Supreme Court in 2010.

Thomas Lee was a law professor at the Mormon church-owned Brigham Young
University and worked at a Salt Lake City firm practicing trademark, copyright
and trade secret law.

Lee is a former deputy assistant attorney general at the U.S. Department of
Justice under President George W. Bush.

He clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, who later swore Lee
into Utah's Supreme Court.

Lee earned a degree in economics from BYU and attended the University of Chicago
Law School.

___

5:06 p.m.

Joan Larsen, one of three women on Trump's Supreme Court short list, was a clerk
to Justice Antonin Scalia and was one of those who took turns standing vigil by
his casket as he lay in repose.

Speaking to an AP reporter on the day of Scalia's funeral, she called him a
"great man and a great jurist."

Larsen, a graduate of Northwestern University's law school, was also one of two
former clerks to speak at a memorial for Scalia a little over two weeks after
his death. She said at the time that she often gets asked what it was like to
"be a woman clerking for Justice Scalia."

Her reply: "Much like being a man clerking for Justice Scalia is my response."

___

4:52 p.m.

One of the women on Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court nominees once
sentenced two veteran abortion protesters to 60 days in jail.

Diane Sykes, 58, served as a Milwaukee County circuit judge from 1992 to 1999.
She handed down the sentence in 1993 after the protesters bound themselves to a
car blocking an abortion clinic doorway. She told them their motivations were
pure and they possessed "fine character" - but their activities were illegal.

Republican Gov. Tommy Thompson appointed Sykes to the state Supreme Court in
1999. President George W. Bush nominated her for a seat on the 7th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals in 2003. She holds a journalism degree from Northwestern
University and a law degree from Marquette University.

Sykes described herself as an "originalist-textualist" during a speech to the
Wisconsin Bar Association in 2014.

___

4:50 p.m.

A federal appeals court judge who also served as U.S. attorney in Missouri is
among 11 potential Supreme Court justices presumptive Republican presidential
nominee Donald Trump has released.

Fifty-two-year-old Raymond Gruender has been a judge for the 8th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals, based in St. Louis, since 2004. He was confirmed in a Senate
vote of 97-1 following his appointment by President George W. Bush.

Before that, Gruender served for three years as U.S. attorney in St. Louis.

Gruender is a St. Louis native. He declined to comment Wednesday about his place
on Trump's list.

___

4:34 p.m.

Sen. Mike Lee of Utah doesn't know if he can support Donald Trump but he is
praising the billionaire's suggestion of his brother, Utah Supreme Court Justice
Thomas Lee, as a potential for the nation's highest court.

The Republican senator said in a statement Wednesday that the people he knows on
Trump's list of 11 potential U.S. Supreme Court justices would all be great
choices but "one name on that list stands head and shoulders above the rest."

Mike Lee is a close friend and supporter of Ted Cruz and has repeatedly said
he's unsure if he could support Trump as the GOP nominee. He told The Washington
Examiner last week that Trump "scares me to death."

Lee's spokesman Conn Carroll said the senator's position had not changed
Wednesday.

His brother Thomas Lee a justice on Utah's Supreme Court.

___

4:31 p.m.

Donald Trump's list of potential nominees to the U.S. Supreme Court includes
Minnesota Supreme Court Associate Justice David Stras, a former law clerk for
Justice Clarence Thomas.

The former University of Minnesota Law School professor was appointed in 2010 by
Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty. Thomas even traveled to Minnesota to administer
the oath. Thomas said Stras was prepared "by training, by experience, by
disposition" to for the job.

Earlier, Pawlenty said Stras fit within his philosophy of a limited role for the
judiciary.

At the same news conference Stras called Thomas "my mentor in the law," but said
they differ in how they approach legal questions. He said the role of judges is
limited, and they can't solve every problem, but they also play a crucial role
in safeguarding liberty and protecting the rights of all citizens.

___

4:30 p.m.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court
nominees includes Colorado Supreme Court Justice Allison Eid (EED), a former law
clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas.

Eid was an assistant and speechwriter to Education Secretary William J. Bennet
under President Ronald Reagan. In 2002, President George W. Bush appointed her
to a panel preparing a history of the U.S. Supreme Court.

She was Colorado's solicitor general and a University of Colorado law professor
before Republican Gov. Bill Owens appointed her to the state Supreme Court in
2006.

Through a spokesman, Eid declined to comment Wednesday.

In 2012, Eid sharply dissented from a court opinion that upheld a congressional
redistricting process that made several Colorado seats more competitive.

She argued the process should be as minimally disruptive as possible and called
the latest round "astonishing," especially since Colorado didn't gain or lose
any seats after the 2010 U.S. Census.

Eid is married to Troy Eid, appointed by Bush as U.S. attorney for Colorado in
2006.

___

4:15 p.m.

The eight men and three women on Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court
nominees come from all over the country, but they share one thing in common -
all are white.

That may not help Trump as he seeks to gain support among Hispanics and other
minority voters in this fall's general election. An Associated Press-GfK poll
last month found that 82 percent of Hispanics had an unfavorable opinion of
Trump.

President Barack Obama appointed the high court's first Hispanic justice, Sonia
Sotomayor. His other successful appointment to the court, Elena Kagan, is white,
as is his latest nominee, Judge Merrick Garland. Several minorities were high on
Obama's list of possible nominees before he settled on Garland.

The judges on Trump's list are relatively young. Judge Diane Sykes of the
federal appeals court in Chicago is in her late 50s, but the others are all
under 55. Garland is 63.

___

3:53 p.m.

The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee says he's impressed by
presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's list of potential
picks to serve on the Supreme Court.

Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley says in a statement released Wednesday that Trump's
list is made up of judges who "understand and respect the fundamental principle
that the role of the courts is limited and subject to the Constitution and the
rule of law."

Grassley noted that Trump included a fellow Iowan on his list. Steven Colloton
sits on the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. He was appointed to the bench by
President George W. Bush in 2003.

Grassley says understanding what kind of justices a president would appoint to
the nation's high court is an important part of the election debate.

He says that gives the American people "a voice in the direction of the Supreme
Court for the next generation."

___

3:41 p.m.

Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court nominees is getting a thumbs-up
from a conservative group spearheading opposition to President Barack Obama's
nomination of Judge Merrick Garland.

Carrie Severino is head of the Judicial Crisis Network. She congratulated Trump
in a statement released Wednesday for "making a very significant policy
statement about his desire to prioritize the future of the Supreme Court."

Severino said the 11 federal and state judges on Trump's list all share "a
record of putting the law and the Constitution ahead of their political
preferences."

Her group has spent nearly $4 million on ads and other efforts urging the Senate
not to hold confirmation hearings or vote on Garland's nomination to replace the
Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February.

___

3:16 p.m.

Texas Supreme Court Justice Don Willett is laughing off the chance to comment on
being named by Donald Trump as one of his 11 potential picks to serve on the
Supreme Court.

Attending a book signing with Texas Gov. Greg Abbott in Austin on Wednesday,
Willet told reporters he was instead "exercising judicial restraint."

The presumptive GOP presidential nominee said in March he planned to release a
list of potential high court nominees to ease concerns about his conservative
credentials.

Willett has a reputation as a strong conservative and his dry wit is frequently
displayed on Twitter, where he sometimes posts 10 or more times a day.

In March, Willett took a swipe at Trump's conservatism, tweeting: "Can't wait
till Trump rips off his face Mission Impossible-style & reveals a laughing Ruth
Bader Ginsburg."

___

2:06 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has released a list of
11 potential Supreme Court justices he plans to vet to fill the seat of late
Justice Antonin Scalia.

Trump's picks include Steven Colloton of Iowa, Allison Eid of Colorado and
Raymond Gruender of Missouri.

Also on the list are: Thomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania, Raymond Kethledge of
Michigan, Joan Larsen of Michigan, Thomas Lee of Utah, William Pryor of Alabama,
David Stras of Minnesota, Diane Sykes of Wisconsin and Don Willett of Texas.

Trump said in March he planned to release the list to ease concerns about his
conservative credentials in the Republican primary.

He said then the list would include judges "that everybody respects, likes and
totally admires" and "great conservative judges, great intellects, the people
that you want."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2043 words


Trump unveils list of potential picks for Supreme Court seat

WASHINGTON (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on
Wednesday released a list of 11 potential picks to replace Antonin Scalia on the
U.S. Supreme Court, a mix of federal and state judges that appeared tailored to
win over conservatives still skeptical of his candidacy.

The decision to release such a list is highly unusual for a presidential
candidate, and comes as Trump is working to unite a Republican Party fractured
by his candidacy and assuage still-skeptical establishment Republicans who
question his ability to win a general election.

"I have a lot of people that are conservative that really like me, love
everything I stand for, but they really would like to know my view," Trump said
Wednesday in an interview with Fox News, "because perhaps outside of the defense
of our country, perhaps the single most important thing the next president is
going to have to do is pick Supreme Court justices."

The list, which featured several prominent names floated repeatedly on
conservative wish lists to replace Scalia, won immediate praise from those Trump
is trying to win over.

"This list ought to be encouraging to anyone who prioritizes the rule of law,
and I congratulate Mr. Trump on making a very significant policy statement about
his desire to prioritize the future of the Supreme Court," said Carrie Severino
of the Judicial Crisis Network, a group leading the opposition to President
Barack's Obama's pick to replace Scalia, Merrick Garland.

___

US intelligence: Foreign hackers spying on campaigns

WASHINGTON (AP) - The United States sees evidence of hackers, possibly working
for foreign governments, snooping on the presidential candidates, the nation's
intelligence chief said Wednesday. Government officials are assisting the
campaigns to tighten security as the race for the White House intensifies.

The activity follows the pattern set in the last two presidential elections.
Hacking was rampant in 2008, according to U.S. intelligence officials, and both
President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney were targets of Chinese cyberattacks four
years later. Nevertheless, cyber experts say Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's
campaign networks aren't secure enough to eliminate the risk.

"We've already had some indications" of hacking, James Clapper, director of
national intelligence, said Wednesday at the Bipartisan Policy Center in
Washington. He said the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security were helping
educate the campaigns.

Of the attacks, Clapper predicted, "we'll probably have more."

The revelation comes after Clapper's office released a document this month
saying foreign intelligence services tracked the 2008 presidential election
cycle "like no other." The document was in a slide show used to warn incoming
Obama administration officials that their new jobs could make them prey for
spies.

___

10 Things to Know for Thursday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. TRUMP UNVEILS HIS TOP PICKS FOR SUPREME COURT

The list of conservative judges marks a rare moment of acknowledgment by the
presumptive GOP presidential nominee that he could be doing more to appease
those in his party opposed to his candidacy.

2. WHY DEMOCRATS, SANDERS ARE ON THE BRINK

Party leaders are growing increasingly vocal in their concerns about the
continued candidacy of the White House hopeful who, for his part, has sharpened
his critique of the party.

___

Methodists trying to avoid church split over gay rights

Struggling to avoid a split over gay rights, the top policy-making body of the
United Methodist Church on Wednesday narrowly approved a full review of all
church law on sexuality, amid an emotional meeting roiled by talk of schism.

Delegates at the Methodist General Conference, meeting in Portland, Oregon,
voted 428-405 to delay all consideration of LGBT-related proposals. Instead, the
delegates created a commission that will spend at least two years reviewing
policy on the subject, contained in the Methodist Book of Discipline, with the
goal of developing a plan to address their differences.

The denomination has 12.7 million members worldwide and is the third-largest
faith group in the U.S.

"We are at a precipice," said Lonnie Chafin, a delegate from the Northern
Illinois Annual Conference, or church district, speaking in favor of forming the
commission. "There is urgency before us. The church might divide."

While other mainline Protestant groups, including the Episcopal Church and the
Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), have approved same-sex marriage, the Methodists
have upheld a policy they adopted in 1972, calling same-gender relationships
"incompatible with Christian teaching."

___

Nigerian girl kidnapped 2 years ago is found alive

LAGOS, Nigeria (AP) - One of the teenagers kidnapped by Boko Haram extremists
over two years ago from a boarding school in northeastern Nigeria has been found
with a baby and reunited with her mother, a doctor said Wednesday - the first of
the Chibok girls to be recovered since the mass abduction.

The 19-year-old woman, described by an uncle as traumatized, was found wandering
with her baby on Tuesday on the fringes of the remote Sambisa Forest, located
near Nigeria's border with Cameroon.

The news gave hope to the families of the 218 girls who are still missing that
she may provide information as to their whereabouts. But the young woman told
her mother that some of the Chibok girls have died in captivity and the others
still are being held, according to her family's doctor, Idriss Danladi, who
spoke to The Associated Press after talking with the mother.

On April 14, 2014, Boko Haram stormed and firebombed the Government Girls
Secondary School at Chibok and seized 276 girls preparing for science exams.
Dozens managed to escape in the first hours, but 219 remained captive.

The young woman is the first to be found since the kidnapping, which grabbed
worldwide attention and put a spotlight on the violence of Nigeria's homegrown
Islamic extremists.

___

GOP-led House decisively approves $602 billion defense bill

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Republican-led House voted convincingly Wednesday to
approve a $602 billion defense policy bill after rejecting attempts by Democrats
to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and to repeal the war
powers President Barack Obama relies on to fight the Islamic State.

The legislation, which authorizes military spending for the fiscal year
beginning Oct. 1, seeks to halt a decline in the combat readiness of the U.S.
armed forces by purchasing more weapons and prohibiting further cuts in troop
levels. But in a 17-page statement on the policy bill, the White House detailed
its opposition to numerous provisions and said Obama would veto the legislation
if it reached his desk.

The bill, approved 277-147, must be reconciled with a version the Senate is
expected to consider by month's end.

Republicans shot down an amendment by Rep. Jerrold Nadler, D-N.Y., to strike
parts of the bill that renew a longstanding ban on moving Guantanamo detainees
to the United States. The embargo has kept Obama from fulfilling a campaign
pledge to shutter the facility. The White House said the restrictions interfere
with the executive branch's authority to decide when and where to prosecute
prisoners.

The House soundly defeated an amendment authored by Rep. Barbara Lee, D-Calif.,
to revoke a 2001 authorization that Congress gave President George W. Bush to
attack any countries or groups involved in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Obama
is relying on that nearly 15-year-old authority to send U.S. troops into combat
against the Islamic State.

___

Opposition accuses Canada PM Trudeau of manhandling lawmaker

TORONTO (AP) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau apologized "unreservedly"
for making physical contact with a female opposition member of Parliament who
said Trudeau elbowed her in the chest as he waded through a group of mostly
opposition lawmakers.

Opposition lawmaker Ruth Ellen Brosseau said she had to leave the House of
Commons chamber Wednesday.

"I was elbowed in the chest by the prime minister and then I had to leave. It
was very overwhelming," she said. "I missed the vote because of this."

Footage from the House of Commons television feed shows Trudeau wading into a
clutch of lawmakers, mostly opposition members, and pulling a lawmaker through
the crowd in order to get the vote started. As Trudeau turns around to pull the
lawmaker through, Brosseau can be seen grimacing in pain.

Trudeau, a boxer and former bar bouncer, later stood up in Parliament and said
it wasn't his intention to hurt anyone as he attempted to escort the lawmaker
though a throng of opposition lawmakers in the chamber. Trudeau said he thought
the man was being impeded as he walked up the aisle of the chamber and wanted to
help him.

___

California turns water conservation over to local officials

FRESNO, Calif. (AP) - California decided Wednesday to allow hundreds of local
water districts to set their own conservation goals after a wet winter eased the
five-year drought in some parts of the state.

The new approach lifts a statewide conservation order enacted last year that
requires at least a 20 percent savings.

Beginning next month, districts serving nearly 40 million Californians will
compare water supply and demand with the assumption that dry conditions will
stretch for three years. The districts would then set savings goals through
January and report their calculations to the state.

Felicia Marcus, chair of the State Water Resources Control Board, called it a
difficult set of decisions for the panel.

"We don't want to cry wolf. We also don't want to put our head in the sand," she
said. "This compromise allows us to keep our eyes wide open."

___

Climate change, runaway development worsen Houston floods

HOUSTON (AP) - With clay soil and tabletop-flat terrain, Houston has endured
flooding for generations. Its 1,700 miles of man-made channels struggle to
dispatch storm runoff to the Gulf of Mexico.

Now the nation's fourth-largest city is being overwhelmed with more frequent and
more destructive floods. The latest calamity occurred April 18, killing eight
people and causing tens of millions of dollars in damage. The worsening floods
aren't simple acts of nature or just costly local concerns. Federal taxpayers
get soaked too.

Extreme downpours have doubled in frequency over the past three decades,
climatologists say, in part because of global warming. The other main culprit is
unrestrained development in the only major U.S. city without zoning rules. That
combination means more pavement and deeper floodwaters. Critics blame cozy
relations between developers and local leaders for inadequate flood-protection
measures.

An Associated Press analysis of government data found that if Harris County,
which includes Houston, were a state it would rank in the top five or six in
every category of repeat federal flood losses - defined as any property with two
or more losses in a 10-year period amounting to at least $1,000 each.

Since 1998, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has paid more than $3
billion in today's dollars for flood losses in metropolitan Houston.

___

New penis recipient looks forward to being a 'complete' man

BOSTON (AP) - The recipient of the nation's first penis transplant says he is
looking forward to walking out of the hospital a "complete" man.

"There is no doubt in my mind that everything is going to work. And I mean
everything," 64-year-old Thomas Manning said Wednesday with a grin as he
continued to recover at Boston's Massachusetts General Hospital. "You can
interpret that any way you wish."

Seated by a window overlooking the Charles River, Manning was upbeat and chatty
after undergoing the 15-hour operation last week.

The former Halifax, Massachusetts, bank courier whose organ was amputated after
he was diagnosed with penile cancer in 2012 has been ambling around his room
with a walker and said he doesn't feel any pain.

He has taken a few peeks under the gauze covering his new penis, which was taken
from a deceased donor, and the swelling and discoloration appear to be
diminishing. He said he believes the nerves are even starting to reconnect.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 12:31 AM GMT

Ex-Gov. Rendell apologizes for 'ugly women' comment

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 137 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell has apologized for
saying "there are probably more ugly women in America than attractive women."

Rendell tells The Associated Press the comments were "incredibly dumb and
selfish" and that he's sorry.

He says he was poking fun at his own appearance and trying to make the point
that "there's more of us than there are of them."

The Democrat was offering his thoughts to The Washington Post on Republican
presidential front-runner Donald Trump's prospects for success in the
Philadelphia suburbs when he made the comment.

Rendell had said Trump's past comments on women might gain him some
working-class Democratic voters, but will cost him Republican women because he
said "people take that stuff personally."

His comments quickly became a trending topic on social media.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 12:03 AM GMT

Democrats, Sanders on the brink as campaign nears end

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER and KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 879 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The awkward embrace between Bernie Sanders and the Democratic
Party may be nearing a breaking point.

Leading Democrats are growing increasingly vocal in their concerns about the
White House hopeful's continued candidacy, and if he and his legions of
enthusiastic supporters ultimately will unite behind Hillary Clinton in a
general election against Donald Trump.

For his part, Sanders has sharpened his critique of the party. He says it would
be "sad and tragic" if Democrats don't stop relying on big money, and he is
assailing Clinton for her dependence on wealthy donors. Clinton backers grumble
that such comments can only help Republicans, belying Sanders' claims that he'll
work tirelessly to ensure Trump doesn't end up the president.

The tone on both sides is worsening after last weekend's fracas at the Nevada
Democratic Convention. Furious over rules they claimed favored Clinton, a group
of Sanders supporters shouted obscenities, brandished chairs and threatened and
harassed the party chairwoman. And after Democratic officials including Senate
Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada pressed Sanders to denounce the events,
Sanders defiantly asserted that his supporters were treated unfairly.

The tenor of the Sanders' statement disturbed Democratic leaders. They're
worried that as the primary process nears its end, Sanders may resist the
graceful exit that Democrats expect of him and instead heed advisers and
supporters pressing him to maintain the fight, perhaps all the way to the
Democratic convention in Philadelphia in July.

"Everything our families care about is at stake here," said Democratic Sen.
Barbara Boxer of California, who said she feared for her safety after being
booed and shouted down at the Nevada convention.

Boxer said in an interview that she spoke with Sanders this week, and found her
Vermont colleague very upset, insisting "my people wouldn't do this."

"I just told him, 'Bernie, you need to take control of this,'" Boxer said.

Boxer and other influential Democrats cited Clinton's handling of her bitter
loss to Barack Obama eight years ago as a model. Then, Clinton washed away a
season of bad blood by conceding and throwing her support behind the eventual
president.

"The math didn't add up for her then and it doesn't add up for Bernie now,"
Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan said.

Vice President Joe Biden gently chastised Sanders, saying he should be more
aggressive in speaking out if his supporters behave as badly as they did in
Nevada, but expressing confidence the party would unify. "I'm not worried.
There's no fundamental split in the Democratic Party," he said in Ohio
Wednesday.

Few are demanding publicly that Sanders get out of the race immediately. That
may change quickly if he doesn't do so early next month, presuming Clinton wraps
up the nomination as expected. But right now, the party's leaders want to avoid
making the campaign so bitter that Sanders' backers refuse to rejoin the fold.

Looming over all the uncertainty is the prospect of violence in Philadelphia
like the riots that marred the 1968 convention in Chicago.

"People are trying to reach out and make sure that this thing doesn't get
ruptured," Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., said. The question, she said, is will
Sanders "go all-in to help Hillary Clinton defeat Donald Trump?"

Jim Manley, a Democratic spokesman and former top Reid aide, worried that even
if Sanders backs Clinton, the rancor of the campaign may lead his supporters to
stay home on Election Day.

But a bitter end to the Clinton-Sanders primary may be difficult to avoid.

Sanders has won 20 states. And his ability to energize progressives and draw
huge crowds has contrasted with Clinton's plodding air of inevitability that has
excited few people on her march to the Democratic nomination. Sanders and his
advisers can claim to have sparked a movement. Clinton has been more workmanlike
in piling up delegates, even if her supporters note that she generated enough
energy to swamp Sanders in major states like New York.

For months, Democrats welcomed the vigor of Sanders' campaign. Now they want to
be sure he'll transfer that energy to Clinton's campaign.

Reid and Sanders have discussed Sanders' Senate future and advancing the
74-year-old, democratic socialist's progressive ideals. They've also spoken
about campaigning for Senate Democrats and likeminded candidates like
Wisconsin's Russ Feingold, who said Wednesday there is no hurry for Sanders to
quit.

"We'll get it all together in July," Feingold said.

Sanders hasn't made his intentions clear.

On the campaign trail, he routinely criticizes Trump. Yet Sanders' public
statements sometimes suggest Clinton wouldn't be a worthy option for his
supporters.

In California on Tuesday, Sanders said Democrats must choose between welcoming
voters "who are prepared to fight for real economic and social change," or
opting to maintain a structure "dependent on big money campaign contributions
and be a party with limited participation and limited energy."

But senior adviser Ted Devine brushed aside concerns about Sanders' loyalty to
the Democratic cause. "He intends to support the nominee of the party even if it
is not him," Devine said.

__

Associated Press writer Scott Bauer contributed from Madison, Wisconsin.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 11:17 PM GMT

Sanders delegates brace for Philadelphia convention fight

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS RICCARDI and CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 933 words

DATELINE: DENVER


DENVER (AP) - Gabriel McArthur is heading to the Democratic National Convention
in July to serve as a delegate for Bernie Sanders. Screaming and shouting are a
distinct possibility from the Sanders camp at the event, he says.

McArthur and other Sanders supporters are approaching the gathering with the
enthusiasm that has powered the effort from the start - holding garage sales,
delivering pizza and raising money online to pay for their travel to
Philadelphia.

But their nerves are raw now over the Democratic Party's perceived slights
against the insurgent candidate and they are clinging to a bygone hope that
Sanders can wrest the nomination from Hillary Clinton despite her overpowering
lead in delegates.

As these super-fans chant "Bernie or bust," Democratic officials are growing
increasingly worried about dissent, especially after a recent state convention
in Nevada turned raucous. Some of the Sanders backers who are going to the
convention as delegates for him - and there are more than 1,400 - give party
officials little reason for comfort.

"I don't think we're going to see a lot of violence, but we are going to see
some screaming and shouting if the DNC doesn't humanize itself," McArthur, a
24-year-old administrative assistant in suburban Denver, said of the Democratic
National Committee. "A little civil disobedience is OK. It's part of being an
American."

Sanders delegates, in more than a half-dozen interviews, say that while violence
is not their goal for Philadelphia, party unity isn't their priority, either.
They don't believe he has been treated fairly by the party establishment.

"Anything can happen," said Jesica Marie Butler, 25, a Sanders delegate from
Hawarden, Iowa, who volunteers for the campaign and is raising money on
gofundme.com for her trip to Philadelphia. "This is a movement. This is a
political revolution. It's getting people involved in the process. We're going
to stick to it."

Clinton only needs 90 more delegates to lock up the presidential nomination, a
number she's likely to reach June 7, the final major day of primary voting. She
now leads Sanders by nearly 300 delegates won in primaries and caucuses, an
advantage that grows when including superdelegates, or party officials who can
back any candidate. Most of them, by far, say they will support Clinton.

Still, Sanders has shown no interest in letting up, despite concerns of many
Clinton supporters that he is undermining her as Republicans coalesce around
Donald Trump. Many Sanders delegates don't want him to give up, either.

JoAnn Fujioka, a Sanders delegate from Denver, said she didn't approve of the
chaos in Nevada, where Sanders supporters shouted down speakers. The state party
chairwoman later received death threats and thousands of angry phone calls.
Fujioka says Sanders supporters are determined, but idealistic and optimistic.

"We should do whatever we can to get him nominated," she said. "We are in it to
win it - as Bernie is."

Without acknowledging the reality that the nomination is essentially out of
reach, the Sanders campaign has signaled it will agitate for changes in the
party's platform and procedures, which could also disrupt the convention. The
DNC began discussing composition of the committee that would draft the initial
platform this week, assuring both the Clinton and Sanders campaigns they'd be
fairly represented.

Sanders supporters want the Vermont senator's priorities, like a $15 minimum
wage and stricter banking regulations, included in the platform, an agenda that
is not binding on the nominee. They also want changes in how elections are run,
criticizing superdelegates and restrictions on primary voting.

Ingrid Olson, 38, a Sanders delegate from Council Bluffs, Iowa, said: "I think
open primaries should be available everywhere. I also believe in restorative
rights for felons. I don't agree with superdelegates unless superdelegates are
going to follow the will of the people."

The acrimony has reached such a pitch that several Sanders delegates say they
don't know if they can ever back Clinton.

"I don't see any scenario where I would support her at the convention," said
David Johnson, 50, a delegate from West Branch, Iowa. But in the general
election? "It's a hard call for me. Nobody wants to see that insane Trump guy
win."

He said it's a "ridiculous argument" to say Sanders delegates should stand down
to avoid weakening Clinton in the fall.

"This is a competition," he said. "Bernie Sanders isn't running to prop up
Hillary Clinton. He's running to win."

Some Sanders delegates don't want to go too far. "No matter who the nominee is,
we have to unite," said Euell Santistevan Jr., 20, of suburban Denver.

But Cleo Dioletis, from Denver, said the Nevada blow-up showed how far the party
establishment would go to silence Sanders' supporters. "I am very concerned that
credentials could be pulled for unjust causes," he said.

Ashley Wolthuis, a realtor in Ogden, Utah, said worries have increased sharply
among her fellow Sanders delegates after Nevada. And she said Sanders supporters
feel shortchanged by the few slots the Democratic National Committee gave them
on the standing committees that will govern how the convention operates.

Wolthuis said she was appalled at the chaos in Nevada. But, as a former
Libertarian Party member who became a Democrat because of Sanders' focus on
overhauling money in politics, she's not worried about a Sanders-led push
causing Democrats heartburn.

"Hillary didn't inspire me to join the Democratic Party, Bernie did, so it's
hard for me to not imagine following Bernie wherever he goes," Wolthuis said.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 10:52 PM GMT

Trump, Clinton speeches to highlight US divisions on guns

BYLINE: By RYAN J. FOLEY and LISA MARIE PANE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 943 words


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are courting voters on opposite sides of the
gun debate in events that highlight the nation's deep divide on the topic.

On Friday, Trump promised gun-rights enthusiasts at the NRA convention in
Louisville, Kentucky, that he would never let them down. He called Clinton "the
most anti-gun, anti-Second Amendment candidate to run for office."

Clinton will appear Saturday in Florida with the mother of Trayvon Martin and
other parents who have lost children to gun violence. She has become a forceful
advocate for restrictions meant to reduce the nation's 33,000 annual gun deaths.

The dual appearances underscore the opposing positions the candidates have
staked out on gun rights and safety, the prominent role the issue might play in
the general election and the national policy implications for the next
president.

"Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment," Trump said in his
speech to the NRA. "We're not going to let that happen."

Clinton has said she supports the Second Amendment but that commonsense safety
measures are needed to keep firearms out of the wrong hands. She has called for
expanding background checks to sales at gun shows and online purchases, and for
reinstating a ban on assault weapons.

She has often campaigned with families of gun violence victims and will rejoin
many on Saturday as the keynote speaker at an event sponsored by the Trayvon
Martin Foundation. The fatal shooting of the unarmed black teenager in 2012
continues to be a flashpoint in the debate. Former neighborhood watchman George
Zimmerman recently moved to auction off the gun he used in the slaying.

In response to Trump's comments to the NRA, Clinton's campaign said she supports
balancing gun rights with commonsense actions to keep people safe. Among those
would be safe-storage laws designed to prevent toddlers from accessing guns.

"Donald Trump's conspiracy theories are simply his latest attempt to divide the
American people and distract from his radical and dangerous ideas, like his
promise to mandate that every school in America allow guns in their classrooms,"
Clinton campaign policy adviser Maya Harris said in a statement.

Trump, who often notes that he has a concealed-carry permit, has called for
making it easier for law-abiding citizens to carry guns for self-protection in
public places, saying they could help prevent terrorist attacks. He argues the
existing background check system should be fixed, not expanded, and that
assault-weapons bans do not work.

The latter view marks a change from 2000, when Trump wrote in a book that he
supported the ban on assault weapons as well as a slightly longer waiting period
for gun purchases.

Gun control supporters have been energized by Clinton's campaign and fear a
Trump presidency would maintain a national policy that favors easy access to
guns.

"Hillary Clinton is in tune with what's happening on the streets and in my
neighborhood," said Tanya Keith, 44, a mother of three in Des Moines, Iowa, who
got involved in gun-safety advocacy after attending a Clinton event last summer.
"I'm not trying to take away anyone's gun. I'm just trying to make it less
likely for my daughter to get shot on her way home from school or my son to get
accidentally shot on a play date."

Gun sales have boomed during Barack Obama's presidency despite, and perhaps in
part because of, several mass shootings and persistent gun violence in cities.
His calls to expand background checks have been stymied by the GOP-controlled
Congress. He has taken modest steps through executive orders, and Clinton vows
to build on that work.

States are moving in vastly different policy directions: Gun-friendly lawmakers
keep making it easier to buy and carry guns. Gun-control supporters keep adding
restrictions.

California, already among the nation's toughest states on guns, will vote in
November on a ballot initiative that would require buyers of ammunition to pass
background checks and outlaw high-capacity magazines. Meanwhile, other states
are moving to allow people to carry concealed weapons in more places, including
on college campuses, and to do so without having to obtain a permit.

The divide can be exasperating for those who seek a middle ground that would
protect gun rights and improve public safety.

"All the political rhetoric right now, and Twitter and Facebook ... is
polarizing us, telling us we're in one camp or another," said Jonathan Metzl, a
professor at Vanderbilt University who studies guns and mental health. "Maybe
after the election we can come to terms with this."

Nathan Gibson of Johnston, Iowa, has seen the polarization firsthand.

For three years, Gibson and his daughters, 12 and 10, have lobbied to repeal an
Iowa law that requires handgun users to be at least 14 years old. The law
prevents his girls from competing in some shooting sports, requiring them to
drive to neighboring states.

The Republican-controlled Iowa House approved a change in February that would
allow children to use handguns under parental supervision. Critics called it the
"toddler militia" bill, and Clinton accused the NRA of trying to get more guns
in the hands of children. Leaders of the Democratic-controlled Senate killed the
bill.

Gibson said he saw Clinton's position as hypocritical, noting that she has
talked about hunting as a young girl.

"I'm not a very big fan of Donald Trump, but I also think he won't mess with the
Second Amendment," Gibson said. "When it comes down to it, I'll vote for Trump
to make sure Hillary does not get into office."

___

Associated Press writers Julie Pace in Louisville, Kentucky, and Jill Colvin in
Jersey City, New Jersey, contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 10:47 PM GMT

Trump businesses honored by NY company closely tied to Trump

BYLINE: By JAKE PEARSON and JEFF HORWITZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 807 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - More than a dozen Donald Trump golf courses, hotels, casinos and
private clubs have been honored with "Star Diamond" awards from the American
Academy of Hospitality Sciences, a company that doles out shiny plaques
representing "the most prestigious award of true excellence in hospitality."

The Trump Grill at Trump Tower has one. So does the Trump Buffet & Grill in the
basement. Indeed the entire New York City skyscraper sports one of the plaques,
for being "the ultimate residential building worldwide."

But when it comes to Trump, the academy isn't an independent observer.

The organization is run by Joseph Cinque, a longtime Trump acquaintance who goes
by the nickname "Joey No Socks" and has a felony conviction for possessing
stolen property.

As recently as last May, Trump himself was listed on the group's website as its
"ambassador extraordinaire," and he appeared in a 2009 tribute video to Cinque
in which he said: "There's nobody like him. He's a special guy."

But Trump told The Associated Press on Friday that he doesn't know Cinque well
and was unaware of Cinque's criminal conviction.

"If a guy's going to give you an award, you take it," Trump said. "You don't
tend to look up his whole life story."

An AP review shows that about half the roughly 30 American Academy of
Hospitality Sciences trustees listed in the company's own press materials appear
to be Trump friends and business associates.

At one point, Trump's two adult sons; the chief operating officer of the Trump
Organization, Matthew Calamari; and Trump's longtime butler, Anthony Senecal;
all served as trustees simultaneously.

Also listed are businessman Howard Lorber, who has called Trump his "hero," and
actor Tony Lo Bianco, who said he believes he was introduced to Cinque years ago
by Trump.

Trump said the board members connected to the Trump Organization are likely just
the recipient of honorifics.

"I don't know that anybody goes," he said. "I've never gone to a board meeting."

While the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences has given awards to hotels
and restaurants around the globe, including famed Manhattan restaurants Le
Cirque and Jean-Georges, the company has also honored Mexican food, Poland's
tourism board and Sepp Blatter, the former president of soccer's scandal-plagued
governing body, for "making the world's greatest sport even better."

Still, the ties between Cinque and Trump appear to be close. Cinque served as a
judge with Donald Trump Jr. in the 2008 Miss Universe pageant. The academy
honored Donald Trump with a lifetime achievement award in 2013.

"My view is that this is primarily a marketing program," said Michael Petrone,
who heads up AAA's ratings program, which gives out Five Diamond status to a
fraction of the hotels inspectors review annually, including to some Trump
properties.

A 1999 lawsuit against Cinque by a former business partner alleges award-winners
paid promotional fees to be named in the group's glossy publications, calling
the academy "merely the alter ego of Cinque."

A decade after that, Trump friend Stewart Rahr, a billionaire pharmaceutical
wholesaler, sued Cinque and his organization, saying that they failed to publish
a "man of the year" profile of his philanthropic efforts despite being paid a
$25,000 fee. A judge ruled Rahr was owed the $25,000.

One former trustee, William Hetzler, founder of the German-American Hall of
Fame, said he cut ties after he wasn't reimbursed for expenses related to a trip
to Germany in which he connected Cinque to high-end chefs.

"If someone's not trustworthy I go the other direction," said Hetzler, whose
Hall of Fame inducted Trump during a 2012 ceremony in Trump Tower.

Hetzler said Cinque sometimes gives awards for free and sometimes charges for
the honor.

Trump told the AP that he's familiar with groups that try to sell awards as a
marketing gimmick. But he said he has never paid Cinque's organization for its
distinctions.

"Whoever received a reward qualified," said the woman who answered the phone at
Cinque's company who refused to give her name. "Why don't you go after Hillary
Clinton?"

A lawyer for the company, Stuart Perry, said Cinque wouldn't comment, but called
the company "a pretty open book."

"The basic overall of the academy per se is dealing with five- and six-star
properties," Perry said.

Perry is also a "trustee adviser" to the academy, as is a lawyer who represented
Cinque in his failed attempts to appeal a 2008 drunken driving conviction in New
Jersey.

According to a 1995 profile in New York Magazine, Cinque pleaded guilty to a
felony after police broke down the door of his Manhattan apartment and found a
trove of valuable stolen art, including prints by Marc Chagall. Court records
show he pleaded guilty to possession of stolen property in 1989.

___

This story corrects the year Cinque pleaded guilty to 1989, not 1990.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 9:30 PM GMT

New owner wants to make Trump's Taj Mahal casino great again

BYLINE: By WAYNE PARRY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 674 words

DATELINE: ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.


ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - The name on the front still reads "Trump," but a
different flamboyant billionaire now wants to make the Taj Mahal casino great
again.

Carl Icahn isn't sure whether he'll spend the $100 million he promised to spruce
up the struggling gambling hall opened in 1990 by Donald Trump, who hailed it as
"the eighth wonder of the world."

But there are certain things the new owner is doing right away to make the
casino a place of his own.

First is healing the damage that the casino's reputation incurred during a
prolonged near-death experience as it languished in bankruptcy court and
repeatedly threatened to close over the last year and a half. Icahn rescued the
Taj Mahal by keeping it afloat during its Chapter 11 case and pledging to invest
$100 million once he got control.

"We want to let the world know that we are open for business and we're not going
anywhere," said Tony Rodio, president of the Icahn-owned Tropicana casino, which
now runs the Taj Mahal as well.

But almost as soon as Icahn took over in March, he wavered on investing the full
$100 million, spooked by the prospect of two new casinos in the northern part of
the state. New Jersey voters will decide in November whether to authorize them.

Icahn will wait until the referendum to commit to spending that much money on a
casino that could be at an even worse competitive position with new in-state
rivals.

But he has authorized $15 million for immediate repairs on things guests will
immediately notice, like 250 new slot machines, reactivating lights and water
fountains that had been turned off for years, reopening a poker room, and
offering live entertainment every night in its re-done Ego lounge. Less visible
repairs include fixing leaks in a roof.

The 180 out-of-service hotel rooms that needed work should all be ready by the
July 4 holiday. Including its Chairman Tower, named after you-know-who when he
was Chairman of the Board, the Taj Mahal has 2,010 hotel rooms, placing it in
the upper echelon of Atlantic City's casino market.

When it opened in 1990, the Taj Mahal was the most expensive casino ever built,
at $1.1 billion. Its chandeliers alone cost $16 million, and Trump flew in
Michael Jackson for the grand opening. But it went bankrupt (for the first of
four times) after just a year, choked by debt.

Trump, the Republican presidential front-runner who has received some help from
Icahn courting political donors, lost majority control to bondholders in the
casino's 2004 bankruptcy filing. He has not owned or had anything to do with the
casino company since 2009, aside from a 10 percent stake in return for the use
of his name that was wiped out in bankruptcy court.

The Taj Mahal took $180 million from gamblers last year, ranking it 7th out of
Atlantic City's eight casinos.

Sean Friel, a valet at the Taj Mahal since the day it opened, said the past two
years have been rough on the staff as the former owners, Trump Entertainment
Resorts, let the property deteriorate. With Icahn having promised to keep it
open, Friel said the staff is relieved.

"It's a great weight off your shoulders," Friel said. "I was afraid it would go
dark; I saw them make up these big black things to barricade and lock the doors,
and signs that said, 'We're closing.' Now we can see light at the end of the
tunnel."

The Taj Mahal's unionized employees are still fighting to regain health care and
pension benefits that the previous owners terminated during bankruptcy, and
Local 54 of the Unite-HERE casino workers union has held more than a dozen
public protests against Icahn, calling for the benefits to be restored. The
union last year authorized a strike but thus far has not walked out.

Should Icahn agree to go all-in on upgrades to the Taj Mahal, Rodio envisions
new nightclubs, branded restaurants and other attractions to fill the vast empty
spaces that exist in numerous areas of the sprawling casino complex.

"It's a big canvas," Rodio said. "We just have to figure out how to paint it."

___

Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 8:01 PM GMT

Trump could win noise battle with airport if he is president

BYLINE: By TERRY SPENCER and JACK GILLUM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: PALM BEACH, Fla.


PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) - Donald Trump doesn't like jetliners from Palm Beach
International Airport flying over his prized Mar-a-Lago Club. A president Trump
would have the power to divert them - but would he?

Trump has tried for two decades through the Federal Aviation Administration and
the courts to force departing airliners to turn before reaching the historic and
exclusive 17-acre estate, which is 2.5 miles east of the airport's primary
runway.

An Associated Press analysis of airport data between late April and early May
found the majority of planes flew directly over or near Mar-a-Lago, at an
altitude of 500 to 2,000 feet when they pass Mar-a-Lago on both takeoff and
landing.

On a typical day, for example, the AP tracked scores of planes flying over
Trump's resort before heading north or continuing east.

The presumptive Republican nominee alleges in his current lawsuit that the
jetliners' roar disturbs his members, who pay $100,000 initiation fees and
$14,000 annual dues. He also says the vibrations and jet exhaust damage the
fragile Dorian stone, antique Spanish tiles and Cuban roof tiles used by cereal
tycoon Marjorie Merriweather Post and her husband, financier E.F. Hutton, to
build the 126-room, 10,000-square-foot mansion in the mid-1920s, a decade before
the airport opened and three decades before the advent of passenger jets.

While the legal games are being played, if elected, Trump could play the
ultimate trump card. As president, he could order the FAA to shift Palm Beach
International's takeoff and landing patterns to avoid Mar-a-Lago. But would he?
It is a possibility airport manager and Trump nemesis Bruce Pelly raised in a
2011 interview with The Palm Beach Post during an earlier noise fight.

"The solution for him is to get elected president," Pelly said. Through a
spokeswoman, Pelly recently declined comment.

Trump, in a recent interview with the AP, said he wouldn't use the presidency to
settle the issue.

"I would stay out of it," he said. But he said the airport should fan out
departing planes, having some turn north or south almost immediately instead of
having them head due east. That, he said, would allow planes to take off with
less time in between and turn one runway into the equivalent of three.

Trump has long held scorn for Pelly, singling him out in his latest lawsuit and
calling him "the worst airport manager in the U.S." in a signed 2011 letter to
the FAA obtained by the AP through a public records request.

"Frankly, Bruce Pelly has done a horrible job," Trump told the AP.

Sid McGuirk, a lawyer and an associate professor of air traffic management at
Florida's Embry-Riddle University, said Trump as president could order the FAA
to direct planes to avoid Mar-a-Lago, "but, boy, the backlash."

"Would it be worth it? It would be on the front page of The New York Times and
Washington Post for weeks," McGuirk said. Of course, he added, anytime President
Trump visited Mar-a-Lago, the airspace would become a no-fly zone as it is
anywhere a president visits, but those are usually temporary.

Trump purchased Mar-a-Lago - "The Greatest Mansion Ever Built," according to its
website - from Post's foundation in 1985 for $10 million. He opened it as a club
in 1995. The property now boasts 58 bedrooms, 33 bathrooms, a 20,000-square-foot
ballroom, tennis and croquet courts and three bomb shelters.

With buildings totaling 77,000 square feet, it has an appraised market value of
$20.3 million, according to county tax records. That number is artificially low
primarily because Trump signed away development rights to the National Trust,
lowering his property taxes. Otherwise, Mar-a-Lago's value would easily be $60
million to $80 million, said county property appraiser Gary Nikolits.

Trump filed his first noise lawsuit against Palm Beach County, which owns the
airport, in 1995. It was settled a year later with the county leasing him the
land where he built Trump International Golf Club. But the truce didn't hold.

Trump filed a lawsuit against the county in 2010 to block preliminary plans to
add a second east-west runway, telling the FAA in a letter the proposal was "a
deeply embarrassing performance, which has already wasted millions of dollars of
public funds. The consultant who did it should be fired."

Responding to Trump's letter, airport attorney Peter Kirsch told an FAA
administrator in a 2011 email he would call him, adding, "You might not be
surprised to learn that most of what Mr. Trump states in the letter is not
accurate." The lawsuit was withdrawn that year.

Trump sued the county again last year, alleging that Pelly pressures FAA
controllers to direct jetliners over his property in retaliation for his earlier
lawsuits.

"Pelly is seeking revenge by attacking Mar-a-Lago from the air," the lawsuit
said.

That lawsuit, which seeks $100 million in damages, is unlikely to be resolved
before next year.

___

Gillum reported from Washington.

___

Follow Terry Spencer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/terryspen . His work can
be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/author/terry-spencer

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 7:10 PM GMT

PUBLISHERS WEEKLY BEST-SELLERS

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS; Books Best Sellers

LENGTH: 568 words


Copyright 5/8/2016 Publishers Weekly. Week ending 5/15/2016, powered by Nielsen
Bookscan 5/8/2016 The Nielsen Company.

HARDCOVER FICTION

1. "15th Affair" by James Patterson and Maxine Paetro (Little, Brown)

2. "The Apartment" by Danielle Steel (Delacorte)

3. "The Last Mile" by David Baldacci (Grand Central Publishing)

4. "Extreme Prey" by John Sandford (G.P. Putnam's Sons)

5. "The Nest" by Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney (Ecco)

6. "The Obsession" by Nora Roberts (Berkley)

7. "Everybody's Fool" by Richard Russo (Knopf)

8. "LaRose" by Louise Erdich (Harper)

9. "After You" by Jojo Moyes (Viking Dorman)

10. "Troublemaker" by Linda Howard (Morrow)

11. "Zero K" by Don DeLillo (Scribner)

12. "Eligible" by Curtis Sittenfeld (Random House)

13. "As Time Goes By" by Mary Higgins Clark (Simon & Schuster)

14. "Everyone Brave Is Forgiven" by Chris Cleave (Simon & Schuster)

15. "Bloodline" by Claudia Gray (Del Ray/Lucas Books)

HARDCOVER NONFICTION

1. "Hamilton: The Revolution" by Miranda/McCarter (Grand Central Publishing)

2. "The Rainbow Comes and Goes" by Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt
(Harper)

3. "Valiant Ambition" by Nathaniel Philbrick (Harper)

4. "Grit" by Angela Duckworth (Scribner)

5. "When Breath Becomes Air" by Paul Kalanithi (Random House)

6. "Unashamed" by Lecrae Moore (B&H)

7. "Shoe Dog" by Phil Knight (Scribner)

8. "Red Platoon" by Clinton Romesha (Dutton)

9. "Five Presidents" by Clint Hill (S&S/Gallery)

10. "Becoming Grandma" by Lesley Stahl (Penguin/Blue Rider)

11. "Crippled America" by Donald J. Trump (S&S/Threshold)

12. "The Daniel Prayer" by Anne Graham Lotz (Zondervan)

13. "Perfectly Imperfect" by Baron Baptiste (Hay House)

14. "Cravings" by Chrissy Teigen and Adeena Sussman (Clarkson Potter)

15. "Between the World and Me" by Ta-Nehisi Coates (Random/Spiegel & Grau)

MASS MARKET PAPERBACKS

1. "Me Before You" (movie tie-in) by Jojo Moyes (Penguin)

2. "Undercover" by Danielle Steel (Dell)

3. "The Melody Lingers On" by Mary Higgins Clark (S&S/Pocket)

4. "14th Deadly Sin" by Patterson/Paetro (Hachette/Vision)

5. "Make Me" by Lee Child (Delacorte)

6. "Piranha" by Cussler/Morrison (Putnam)

7. "Dakota Born" by Debbie Macomber (Mira)

8. "Pretty Girls" by Karin Slaughter (Morrow)

9. "Only Beloved" by Mary Balogh (Signet)

10. "The Blossom Sisters" by Fern Michaels (Kensington/Zebra)

11. "Best of My Love" by Susan Mallery (Harlequin HQN)

12. "Fire Bound" by Christine Feehan (Jove)

13. "Gathering Prey" by John Sandford (Putnam)

14. "Exposed" by Nora roberts (Silhouette)

15. "Treasured" by Sherryl Woods (Mira)

TRADE PAPERBACKS

1. "Me Before You" (movie tie-in) by Jojo Moyes (Penguin)

2. "The Crossing" by Michael Connelly (Grand Central Publishing)

3. "Release Your Anger" by James Alexander (CreateSpace)

4. "Go Set a Watchman" by Harper Lee (Harper Perennial)

5. "The Ultimate Cooking for Two Cookbook" by Mr. Food Test Kitchen (Cogin)

6. "The Murder House" by Patterson/Ellis (Grand Central Publishing)

7. "The Wright Brothers" by David McCullough (Simon & Schuster)

8. "Life's Golden Ticket" by Brendon Burchard (HarperOne)

9. "A Man Called Ove" by Fredrik Backman (Washington Square)

10. "A Spool of Blue Thread" by Anne Tyler (Ballantine)

11. "Alice's Adventures...(coloring book)" by Lewis Carroll (Silver Dolphin)

12. "Harry Potter Magical Places & Characters" (Scholastic)

13. "The Sympathizer" by Viet Thanh Nguyen (Grove)

14. "In the Unlikely Event" by Judy Blume (Vintage)

15. "Milk and Honey" by Rupi Kaur (Andrews McMeel)

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 6:53 PM GMT

Bill Clinton: Democrats will "be together in the end."

BYLINE: By CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: SIOUX FALLS, South Dakota


SIOUX FALLS, South Dakota (AP) - Despite the drawn-out primary fight, Bill
Clinton says he thinks Democrats will be able to "be together in the end."

The former president campaigned in South Dakota Friday on behalf of wife Hillary
Clinton's presidential campaign. Asked about her increasingly combative rival
Bernie Sanders, Bill Clinton said that the party will come together, recalling
the 2008 primary.

Bill Clinton said that after losing to President Barack Obama, his wife "pulled
the party together and we won an election. It made a big difference to America.
And that's what we hope will happen again and we think it will."

The former Secretary of State is just 90 delegates shy of clinching the
Democratic nomination. But the Vermont senator is pledging to take his insurgent
campaign to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July. Still,
on Thursday Clinton said in a CNN interview that she would be the nominee and
stressed that she wanted Sanders to help unify the Democratic party.

Bill Clinton was set to spend Friday touring South Dakota, North Dakota and
Montana. All three states hold Democratic primaries or caucuses on June 7, but
Hillary Clinton has focused most of her attention on California and New Jersey,
which offer far more delegates.

In Sioux Falls, about 350 people crowded into a concert venue draped in American
flags to hear the former president, who stressed his wife's experience and
ability to work across the aisle. He also referenced her comments about putting
him to work on the economy, saying he was "thrilled" that she wanted him to take
on those issues.

"I would be happy to come back here and work on that," he said, amid cheers.

While he focused largely on his wife's achievements, Clinton took a shot at
presumptive Republican front-runner Donald Trump, saying it was better to "build
bridges not walls."

In recent interviews, Trump has been hitting Bill Clinton for past personal
indiscretions. Asked about Trump's comments, Clinton said he wasn't concerned,
adding: "I have nothing to say."

Tom Raap, a 73-year-old retired railroad worker from Sioux Falls who is
supporting Hillary Clinton, said he wasn't worried about Trump's hits on Bill
Clinton. "I think once it passes on by, it's going to fade in the wind," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 5:06 PM GMT

Trump to wary Republicans: Trust me. Really.

BYLINE: By LAURIE KELLMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 869 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Call it Donald Trump's trust-me tour of the Republican
establishment.

The lone political survivor of a riotous GOP primary is embarking on another
campaign, this time to convince wary Republican leaders to sign on to his
improbable turn as their presidential nominee. Trump is seeking to show - not
just tell - that he's a conservative who will unite the party and help the GOP
hang on to its congressional majorities.

Trump's branding effort is showing signs of working: He's collected some key
endorsements on Capitol Hill. And some critics, such as Sen. Lindsey Graham,
have muted their nastygrams. But he's working in what could be a very short
window, while likely Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton labors to vanquish Sen.
Bernie Sanders' stubborn challenge. And it's far from clear how long Trump and
top Republicans can remain on their best, most unified behavior.

Here's a look at Trump's drive for buy-in from the GOP establishment:

____

TRUST ME: I'M A CONSERVATIVE

It's one of the top GOP concerns about Trump: He wasn't a Republican for most of
his public life, so how conservative could he be? Who Trump would nominate to
the Supreme Court, which now has one vacancy and almost surely will have more in
the coming years, has lingered as a key question. House Speaker Paul Ryan
discussed the issue with Trump at their meeting last week; the billionaire
assured Ryan he'd release a list of potential nominees, "soon."

He demonstrated follow-through: On Wednesday, Trump named 11 federal and state
court judges he'd consider as potential replacements for the late Justice
Antonin Scalia, any of whom would restore conservative control of the court lost
with his death. The group was widely praised as a conservative dream team.

___

TRUST ME: I'M A LOYAL REPUBLICAN

Trump has said for weeks that he wants to unite the party and help it raise
always-welcome political cash. On Thursday in New Jersey, he demonstrated one
way how.

Trump attended fundraisers designed to help former rival Chris Christie and the
state Republican Party pay down debt they incurred during the governor's
presidential campaign and the party's legal bills from the George Washington
Bridge scandal. Christie, who folded his presidential campaign and endorsed
Trump, took a huge risk earlier this year to endorse the billionaire.

The pair attended a $25,000-per-person fundraiser for the state GOP to help it
pay off about $500,000 incurred in legal fees, an event that could go a long way
toward making that debt disappear. Trump and Christie headlined a separate, $200
per-person fundraiser to pay down Christie's roughly $250,000 presidential
campaign debt.

___

TRUST ME: THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE DOES

Trump and the RNC this week signed a joint fundraising agreement that will allow
donors to write checks of up to $449,400. The agreement will allow the Trump
campaign to raise cash that the national party can spend on both his campaign
and other Republican efforts.

RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said will go toward expanding ground, data and
digital operations to elect Republicans "up and down the ballot."

___

TRUST ME: I'M RUNNING A PROFESSIONAL A CAMPAIGN NOW

The early iteration of Trump and a few inexperienced aides running the campaign
has morphed into a more professional operation as Trump has brought in seasoned
political operatives.

Political veteran Paul Manafort is running the convention operation; RNC Finance
Chairman Lew Eisenberg will head up the joint fundraising project. And after
suggesting that pollsters are a waste of money, Trump hired pollster Tony
Fabrizio, who's worked for GOP presidential candidates going back decades.

___

TRUST ME: I'VE GIVEN POLICY SOME THOUGHT

Trump caused much indigestion among Republican leaders in March when he said on
MSNBC that women who have abortions should be punished - then changed positions
and settled on leaving the law the way it is. Then-rival Ted Cruz groused that
Trump clearly hasn't given "serious thought" to policy.

Trump has sought to refute that impression, giving a foreign policy speech to
the National Press Club earlier this month, an address to the National Rifle
Association on Friday, an energy speech next week and beyond that, an address on
economic policy.

___

TRUST ME: I'M LISTENING

Across the Sunday news shows last weekend, key Republicans described party unity
as the education of Donald Trump - stat. Even his chief Senate ally, Sen. Jeff
Sessions of Alabama, who sits on the armed services committee, said Trump is
"going to need to learn. He's going to need to understand really completely ...
how complex this world is." Also on ABC's "This Week," Rep. Tom Cole, R-Okla.,
called him "a work in progress." And Ryan has refused so far to endorse Trump.

But Trump is meeting with lawmakers and taking their calls. And his aides,
including Manafort, are shuttling between meetings with members of Congress and
policy think tanks taking suggestions for policy papers.

For all of this stated open mindedness, though, Trump was quoted by the New York
Times last weekend: "Just what I need is more advice. The (Republicans) I beat
are still giving me advice."

___

Follow Laurie Kellman on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/APLaurieKellman

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 3:11 PM GMT

Trump seeks to woo Wisconsin conservatives

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 133 words

DATELINE: MADISON, Wis.


MADISON, Wis. (AP) - Donald Trump is reaching out to some conservative critics
who helped doom his hopes in Wisconsin, asking them to reconsider backing him
this fall.

Talk radio host Charlie Sykes, part of the #NeverTrump movement, said Friday he
got a handwritten note from Trump.

The note is actually a scrawl of black marker across a New York Times article
about social conservatives warming to Trump's candidacy. It says, "I hope you
can change your mind - look forward to doing your show." It concludes with, "I
will win!"

The two had a contentious interview ahead of Wisconsin's primary, won by Ted
Cruz.

Sykes says Trump's business conglomerate contacted him Wednesday for his address
so Trump could send him a note. Trump's organization didn't immediately respond
to an email seeking confirmation.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 1:30 PM GMT

New poll shows strong support for paid family leave programs

BYLINE: By ALEJANDRA CANCINO, For The Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 832 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO (AP) - Time off from work to care for a child or relative is codified in
federal law. Now, an overwhelming majority of Americans 40 and older want that
time away from the job to be paid.

An Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll released Friday
said 72 percent support paid family leave. Democrats were more likely to back
it, but Republicans also expressed strong support. Overall, support was stronger
among people age 40-64 and among women.

At least 19 states are considering paid family leave laws, but only three have
active programs. New York, the latest to approve it, will launch its program in
2018.

"There is a lot of interest and a lot of momentum," said Ellen Bravo, executive
director of Family Values @ Work, an advocacy group. "We hope that over the next
five years a critical mass of states will win these policies."

Bravo said the state wins are paving the way for a federal law.

The federal Family and Medical Leave Act provides for up to 12 weeks of unpaid
leave for most workers to care for a newborn or adopted child or a spouse, child
or parent who is seriously ill.

A bill to make that leave paid was introduced in the Senate last year but has
gone nowhere in Congress. Among the presidential candidates, both Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders have voiced support for paid family leave. Donald
Trump hasn't offered a clear opinion.

"I support (paid family leave) because I feel that in the U.S., we need to
realize that employees, or the workers, can't really do the best job possible if
you are worrying about a family member," said Mary Jo Morelli, of the Detroit
area.

Morelli, 52, said she expects that someday she'll need time off to care for her
aging mother and in-laws who are now in their 80s.

Paid family leave works like insurance and is funded via mandatory contributions
from workers' paychecks.

In New York, about $1 a week will be deducted. Workers could receive a portion
of their pay for up to eight weeks in the program's first year. That will
increase to 12 weeks, double what other states offer.

Most workers use the benefit to care for a newborn or adopted child, according
to data from the California, New Jersey and Rhode Island programs. Workers also
can use it to care for an aging parent, spouse or other relative.

About a quarter of older workers who support paid family leave said they would
be hesitant to ask for time off. Of those, nearly half worried it would
negatively affect their future salary or promotion opportunities. About 4 in 10
said they felt pressured by employers not to take time off.

"Workers are, and for good reason, nervous about retaliation from their
employer," said Ruth Milkman a sociology professor at the CUNY Graduate Center
who has studied paid family leave.

Some people also cited the need for their full salary.

Farmworker Adan Lopez said he supports the law but it would be impossible to
live on just 55 percent of his wages, the benefit in California. He makes about
$500 per week and the rent for a two-bedroom apartment in Salinas, California,
is about $1,800 a month. During lean times, he said, his family is forced to
share an apartment with others.

California will raise its weekly benefit in 2018 to 60 percent or 70 percent of
wages, depending on earnings. The state also is pushing to increase awareness of
the decade-old program.

The AP-NORC poll found that about 44 percent in California had not heard of the
law.

In New York, advocates are working with state officials to educate people,
especially low-income residents and minorities, about paid family leave.
"Passing the law was step one," said Dina Bakst, co-founder of A Better Balance:
The Work and Family Legal Center.

The poll also found overwhelming support for policies to help caregivers with
long-term care costs. Eighty-three percent support tax breaks for caregivers and
73 percent favor a credit toward Social Security benefits for caregivers who
take time off work.

As the only unmarried sibling in his family, Tim Mitchell, 51, of Portales, New
Mexico, cared on-and-off for his grandmother and, later, his mother. He said
he'd support any help for caregivers, who, like him, struggle financially later
in life. "What I did was a heck of a sacrifice," he said.

The AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research survey was conducted Feb. 18
through April 9, with funding from the SCAN Foundation. The nationally
representative poll involved landline and cellphone interviews with 1,698
Americans age 40 or older. It has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus
3.4 percentage points.

___

EDITOR'S NOTE - Alejandra Cancino is studying health care and long-term care
issues as part of a fellowship at the AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs
Research, which joins NORC's independent research and AP journalism. The
fellowship is funded by The SCAN Foundation, an independent nonprofit that
supports research and other initiatives on aging and health care.

___

Online:

AP-NORC polls on long-term care: http://www.longtermcarepoll.org

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Poll/Survey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM GMT

Trump helps Chris Christie pay off his campaign debt

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and MICHAEL CATALINI, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words

DATELINE: LAWRENCEVILLE, N.J.


LAWRENCEVILLE, N.J. (AP) - Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for
president, delivered a thank-you gift Thursday to the man who arguably risked
the most to endorse him: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

Trump held a fundraiser that he claimed would pay off the entirety of Christie's
debt from his presidential campaign.

The fundraiser, held at the National Guard Armory in Lawrenceville, New Jersey,
had all the trappings of a typical Donald Trump rally: big flags, barricades to
corral the press, a soundtrack filled with Elton John and the Rolling Stones.
The only thing missing was Trump's usual overflow crowd.

Christie, flanked by his wife and three of his four children, said he hoped the
state's June 7 primary would provide the votes and delegates to put Trump
"officially over the top as the Republican nominee for president of the United
States."

Christie noted the two had once been rivals, but said he'd decided to endorse
the business mogul because of their personal friendship. He said he told his
wife: "We never ever make a mistake by standing with your friend. And Donald
Trump is my friend."

Christie ended his presidential bid after a disappointing showing in New
Hampshire and became one of Trump's highest-profile backers with a surprise
endorsement in February. Trump has appointed Christie to chair his White House
transition efforts and his name is often raised as a potential vice presidential
pick.

Trump took the stage after Christie and announced that the event - a
$200-per-head fundraiser that attracted about 1,000 people - had retired the
bulk of Christie's roughly $250,000 presidential campaign debt.

"You know, Chris paid off his entire campaign debt tonight, right? His entire
debt," said Trump.

"And Chris, you can't even give him a table and a seat? That's terrible," he
joked. Trump turned his head back as if to acknowledge Christie, but the
governor - who was mercilessly mocked once for his expression while standing
behind Trump - had already left the stage.

Trump delivered his usual stump speech, with some local flourishes thrown in.
While Trump usually reads off negative statistics on the economy of the place
he's visiting, his stats Thursday sounded like Christie talking points, touting
the state's economic improvements.

He also recounted a debate in which Christie had put Florida Sen. Marco Rubio in
his place. "He looked like Perry Mason that evening," Trump recalled.

At one point, though, Trump made a joke that appeared to be at Christie's
expense when he noted that he is boycotting Nabisco for offshoring jobs.

"I'm not eating Oreos anymore. Neither is Chris. You're not eating Oreos, are
you? It's for either of us," he said, drawing loud laughs from the crowd.

Trump also noted the crash of an EgyptAir jet in the Mediterranean Sea early
Thursday: "What just happened about 12 hours ago? A plane got blown out of the
sky. And if anybody thinks it wasn't blown out of the sky, you're 100 percent
wrong."

Egyptian and Russian officials have said the plane may have been brought down by
terrorists, but an investigation is only just beginning, with no cause yet
identified.

The event also included a $25,000-per-person fundraiser for the state GOP to
help it pay off about $500,000 incurred in legal fees responding to legislative
subpoenas in the 2013 George Washington Bridge scandal. State party officials
said they didn't immediately have a tally of how much either event had raised.

Earlier Thursday, Trump's campaign announced the promotion of senior campaign
aide Paul Manafort.

Manafort, who was brought on by Trump at the end of March to serve as convention
manager, will now hold the title of campaign chairman and chief strategist,
spokeswoman Hope Hicks confirmed Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 5:35 AM GMT

AIDS fundraiser emcee Kevin Spacey mocks Donald Trump

BYLINE: By ZARA ELDRIDGE AND LOUISE DIXON, Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: CAP D'ANTIBES, France


CAP D'ANTIBES, France (AP) - Kevin Spacey bashed Donald Trump during an AIDS
fundraiser, saying he would enjoy visiting a place with "so many casinos to
bankrupt."

Spacey served as master of ceremonies at Thursday's annual amfAR Cinema Against
AIDS fundraiser, held during the nearby Cannes International Film Festival.

Besides poking fun at GOP presidential candidate and businessman Trump over his
Atlantic City, New Jersey, casino history, Spacey did impressions of former
President Bill Clinton and the late actor Jack Lemmon.

The 1970s-disco-themed dinner, complete with glitter balls, featured a Sister
Sledge performance of "We Are Family," a song from the Village People and Katy
Perry's disco rendition of her biggest hits as the finale.

There were celebrities aplenty at the event, which auctioned off items including
a yachting weekend ($616,000), a week's stay at Leonardo DiCaprio's Palm
Springs, California, home ($336,000), and a walk-on role on Spacey's political
drama "House of Cards" ($560,000).

Milla Jovovich, Adrien Brody, Chris Tucker, Kirsten Dunst, Juliette Binoche,
Vanessa Paradis, Karolina Kurkova and Juliette Binoche were among those at the
exclusive Hotel du Cap-Eden Roc just outside Cannes.

Blending glamor and a good cause is harder than it looks, observed Helen Mirren.

"It's always a slightly uncomfortable mix," she said on the red carpet. But it
"raises an awful lot of money" for a very important charity, she added.

"AIDS is still a devastating illness, destroying communities all over the world
and this charity will help with that so we'll make AIDS history," the
Oscar-winning star said.

"What do I love about amfAR? The fact that they've made sure to save people over
the last 20 years - so many people today that are living with HIV/AIDS are
living because of the research amfAR does," said Jovovich, a regular at the
event.

Brody, a keen painter as well as an actor, said he was both a guest and a
contributor to the evening's auction with one of his works.

"It's a pretty grand piece that I've donated for amfAR this evening, so I'm very
excited. I'm very excited to share that," he said. It was auctioned for more
than $500,000.

Australian actor Joel Edgerton was unsure when asked if he planned to bid on any
of the auction items.

"The trouble with me is I haven't done the Marvel movies yet, so I can't spend
lots of money, but I want to support and I will in my own way," he said. "I have
a bit of a twitch, I might end up buying everything."

According to amfAR figures, to date the Cinema Against AIDS galas have raised
more than $170 million for its research programs.

___

AP Television Writer Lynn Elber in Los Angeles contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 3:16 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Friday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. TERRORISM SUSPECTED IN EGYPTIAN JET CRASH

The plane en route from Paris to Cairo with 66 people aboard veered wildly in
flight and crashed in the Mediterranean Sea.

2. HILLARY CLINTON TRIES TO STAY ABOVE FRAY

The Democrat's strategy has her campaign and allies worrying whether she can
counteract Donald Trump's finely tuned ability to command attention.

3. WHERE STATE LAWMAKERS EFFECTIVELY BANNED ABORTION

Oklahoma legislators have made it a felony for doctors to perform the procedure.
The governor has until Wednesday to approve or veto the measure, the first of
its kind in the U.S.

4. OKLAHOMA EXECUTIONS ARE UNDER SCRUTINY

A grand jury investigating the state's execution procedures says a top lawyer
for Gov. Mary Fallin encouraged the use of the wrong lethal injection drug in an
execution that was later called off.

5. WHO IS BEING FETED IN NIGERIA

The first of the so-called Chibok girls to escape from the Islamic extremist
group Boko Haram brought joy and renewed hope but also increased pressure for
the government.

6. CONGRESS AND WHITE HOUSE STRIKE RARE DEAL

Republicans and the Obama administration reached an accord to help rescue
cash-strapped Puerto Rico from $70 billion in debt.

7. SAN FRANCISCO POLICE CHIEF OUT

Greg Suhr has resigned at the request of the mayor hours after an officer
fatally shot a young black woman driving a stolen car and amid other racial
issues.

8. PHIL MICKELSON PAYS UP

The professional golfer agrees to forfeit nearly $1 million that the Securities
and Exchange Commission said was unfairly earned on a tip from an insider
trading scheme.

9. '60 MINUTES' VETERAN MORLEY SAFER DIES

The longtime CBS News correspondent was equally at home reporting on the Orient
Express, abstract art and a military atrocity in Vietnam.

10. CLEVELAND STILL PERFECT IN POSTSEASON

LeBron James and the Cavs become the fourth team in NBA history to start the
playoffs 10-0 with a win in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference finals against
Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1729 words


The Latest: EgyptAir passenger was dual Australia-UK citizen

CAIRO (AP) - The latest news on EgyptAir Flight 804 from Paris to Cairo,
carrying 66 people, which Egyptian officials say crashed early Thursday into the
Mediterranean Sea off the Greek island of Crete (all times local):

2:47 a.m.

Australia's foreign affairs ministry says the Briton presumed dead after an
EgyptAir flight crashed into the Mediterranean is a dual citizen of Australia.

Minister of Foreign Affairs Julie Bishop in a news release Friday declined to
give additional details, including details on the passenger's identity.

An EgyptAir Airbus A320 crashed into the Mediterranean Sea early Thursday while
carrying 66 passengers and crew from Paris to Cairo, and authorities have been
scouring a wide area south of Crete to look for plane debris.

___

Terrorism suspected in crash of Egyptian jet; 66 feared dead

CAIRO (AP) - An EgyptAir jetliner en route from Paris to Cairo with 66 people
aboard veered wildly in flight and crashed in the Mediterranean Sea early
Thursday, authorities said. Egyptian and Russian officials said it may have been
brought down by terrorists.

There were no signs of survivors.

EgyptAir Flight 804, an Airbus A320 with 56 passengers and 10 crew members, went
down about halfway between the Greek island of Crete and Egypt's coastline, or
around 175 miles (282 kilometers) offshore, after takeoff from Charles de Gaulle
Airport, authorities said.

Greek Defense Minister Panos Kammenos said the plane spun all the way around and
suddenly lost altitude just before vanishing from radar screens around 2:45 a.m.
Cairo time (12:45 a.m. GMT).

He said it made a 90-degree left turn, then a full 360-degree turn to the right,
plummeting from 38,000 feet (11,582 meters) to 15,000 feet (4,572 meters). It
disappeared at about 10,000 feet (3,048 meters), he said. There were no reports
of stormy weather at the time.

___

10 Things to Know for Friday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. TERRORISM SUSPECTED IN EGYPTIAN JET CRASH

The plane en route from Paris to Cairo with 66 people aboard veered wildly in
flight and crashed in the Mediterranean Sea.

2. HILLARY CLINTON TRIES TO STAY ABOVE FRAY

The Democrat's strategy has her campaign and allies worrying whether she can
counteract Donald Trump's finely tuned ability to command attention.

___

Clinton grapples with Trump's ability to stay in spotlight

WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump kept himself planted firmly in the political
spotlight this week with one headline-grabbing move after another - launching a
social media defense of his treatment of women, listing possible Supreme Court
nominees, rapidly declaring an Egyptian plane crash an act of terrorism.

His likely general election opponent, Hillary Clinton, seemed content to hang in
the background.

But Clinton's stay-above-the-fray attitude masks unresolved questions that have
gnawed at her campaign since Trump virtually locked up the Republican
nomination. How can the wonkish Clinton counteract Trump's finely-tuned ability
to command attention? Can she win the White House by letting Trump run on his
terms, hoping his unorthodox candidacy wears thin with voters by November?

Or does she need to make a positive case for her own candidacy, something she
has struggled to articulate during the Democratic primary?

"She's going to have to do things to keep her side motivated, to keep people
excited, keep it aspirational," said Steve Schale, a Florida Democratic
strategist who advised President Barack Obama's White House campaigns.

___

San Francisco's police chief resigns amid racial issues

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - San Francisco's police chief resigned Thursday at the
request of the mayor hours after an officer fatally shot a young black woman
driving a stolen car - the culmination of several racially charged incidents in
the past year.

Pressure had been mounting for the resignation of Chief Greg Suhr since
December, when five officers fatally shot a young black man carrying a knife.
Since then, there have been protests, moves to reform the police department and
a federal review of its protocol.

Mayor Ed Lee supported the chief in December and again in April after it was
disclosed that three officers had exchanged racist text messages.

The texting scandal was the second to rock the department after it was disclosed
that several officers had exchanged racist messages dating back to before Suhr
was chief. But Suhr was criticized for moving too slowly to fire the offending
officers, all of whom have retained their jobs because of the chief's failure to
start disciplinary action when he first found out about the inappropriate.

Suhr could not be reached for comment Thursday.

___

Oklahoma lawmakers OK bill criminalizing performing abortion

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Oklahoma lawmakers have moved to effectively ban abortion
in their state by making it a felony for doctors to perform the procedure, an
effort the bill's sponsor said Thursday is aimed at ultimately overturning the
U.S. Supreme Court's 1973 decision that legalized abortion nationwide.

The bill , which abortion rights group Center for Reproductive Rights says is
the first of its kind in the nation, also would restrict any physician who
performs an abortion from obtaining or renewing a license to practice medicine
in Oklahoma.

It passed 33-12 Thursday with no discussion or debate; a handful of Republicans
joined with Democrats in voting against the bill sponsored by Republican Sen.
Nathan Dahm.

Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin, an anti-abortion Republican, has until Wednesday to
sign the bill into law or veto it. Spokesman Michael McNutt said she also could
also allow the bill to become law "without approval" after the five-day period
has elapsed. He also said she will withhold comment until her staff has time to
review it.

Dahm made it clear that he hopes his bill could lead to overturning Roe v. Wade.

___

Morley Safer, who helped create CBS News, dead at 84

NEW YORK (AP) - Viewers didn't need to see Morley Safer's reporting to feel its
effects.

They could have almost heard the yowling from the Oval Office and the Pentagon
after Safer's 1965 expose of a U.S. military atrocity in Vietnam that played an
early role in changing Americans' view of the war.

They may have felt a flush of gratitude on learning that Safer's 1983
investigation of justice gone awry resulted in the release of a Texas man
wrongfully sentenced to life in prison.

Perhaps they headed to their wine shop with a heightened sense of purpose after
word spread of Safer's story that quoted medical experts who said red wine can
be good for you.

Safer's far-flung journalism got reactions and results during a 61-year career
that found him equally at home reporting on social wrongs, the Orient Express,
abstract art and the horrors of war.

___

1st Chibok girl to escape Boko Haram is feted in Nigeria

LAGOS, Nigeria (AP) - Aid workers and parents of the girls who were kidnapped
from a school in 2014 lashed out at the Nigerian government and military
Thursday for their handling of the first of the so-called Chibok girls to escape
the Islamic extremist group Boko Haram.

Tuesday's escape brought joy and renewed hope but also increased pressure for
the government of President Muhammadu Buhari to rescue 200-plus other students
who were seized in the mass abduction that outraged the world.

On Thursday, Amina Ali Nkeki, who was found nursing her 4-month-old baby on the
fringes of Boko Haram's Sambisa Forest stronghold, was flown to Abuja to meet
with the president.

A second girl believed to be among the Chibok abductees was rescued Thursday
evening, army spokesman Col. Sani Kukasheka Usman said in a late-night
statement.

The information could not be independently confirmed, and Yakubu Nkeki, chairman
of the Chibok Parents Association and uncle of Ali, said he had heard the report
but had no information about it.

___

Judge in Freddie Gray-officer trial grills prosecutors

BALTIMORE (AP) - A judge's intense line of questioning Thursday appeared to
expose weaknesses in the state's case against an officer on trial for assault in
the arrest of Freddie Gray, but legal experts cautioned against drawing any
conclusions.

Baltimore Circuit Judge Barry Williams was bullish in interrogating prosecutors
during closing arguments in the bench trial for Officer Edward Nero, repeatedly
asking when the alleged assault occurred: Was it when Gray was first stopped or
when he was handcuffed?

"I'm trying to figure out what you're arguing," the judge said.

"It's a continuum," Assistant State's Attorney Jan Bledsoe said. "If you find
putting him down in handcuffs wasn't an assault, fine. But putting a cooperative
citizen into a prone position, that's an assault."

Prosecutors say Nero, 30, unlawfully detained Gray and acted callously when he
made a decision not to belt buckle Gray into a seatbelt when he was loaded into
the back of a transport vehicle.

___

Grand jury: Lawyer backed use of wrong drug in execution try

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - The top lawyer for Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin urged prison
officials to go forward with a planned execution even though they received the
wrong drug, telling a deputy attorney general to "Google it" to confirm it could
be used, a grand jury said in a report Thursday.

It faulted many officials for three botched execution attempts but issued no
indictments after its months-long investigation. The panel noted that Fallin's
general counsel, Steve Mullins, advocated for the use of potassium acetate in
the Sept. 30 execution of Richard Glossip, even though the state's lethal
injection protocol calls for potassium chloride, which stops the heart.

"The governor's general counsel stated potassium chloride and potassium acetate
were basically one in the same drug, advising deputy attorney general to 'Google
it,'" the grand jury report said. Mullins also argued that the state shouldn't
file a stay for Glossip's execution because "it would look bad for the state of
Oklahoma because potassium acetate had already been used in (Charles) Warner's
execution."

A deputy attorney general said she did look up potassium acetate online and
found that it wasn't one and the same. Fallin issued a last-minute stay for
Glossip, who remains on death row.

Mullins resigned in February as Fallin's general counsel. A home phone number in
his name rang unanswered Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 12:30 AM GMT

California Senate approves sweeping gun-control measures

BYLINE: By JONATHAN J. COOPER, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 850 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.


SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - Democrats in the California Senate approved a
wide-ranging series of gun control bills Thursday, reviving an effort to
significantly tighten California's already strict gun laws in the wake of last
year's terrorist attack in San Bernardino.

Lawmakers voted to outlaw the sale of assault weapons with easily detachable
magazines and to require that people turn in magazines capable of holding more
than 10 rounds. They also backed a variety of other measures aimed at
restricting access to guns and ammunition or limiting the carnage they can
inflict.

The effort drew a sharp rebuke from gun rights supporters who say squeezing
lawful gun owners even further won't make people safer.

It also laid bare tense differences in personality and strategy between senior
California Democrats. Legislative leaders are rushing to head off a ballot
measure advocated by Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, a fellow Democrat, asking voters to
enact many of the same policies. They worry the initiative will fail at the
ballot box or fire up gun rights supporters, potentially increasing turnout of
conservative voters who could give Republicans an edge in close districts.

California's assault-weapon ban prohibits new rifles with magazines that can be
detached without the aid of tools. To get around the law, gun makers developed
so called bullet buttons that allow a shooter to quickly dislodge the magazine
using the tip of a bullet or other small tool.

"They are designed only to facilitate the maximum destruction of human life,"
said Sen. Isadore Hall, D-Compton, who co-wrote the bullet-button ban.

Law enforcement officials recovered two rifles and two handguns after the San
Bernardino attack. Both types of rifles are sold with bullet buttons.

It's illegal in California to sell magazines holding more than 10 rounds or to
bring them into the state, but people who already owned them are allowed to keep
them. Senators voted Thursday to outlaw possession of a high-capacity magazine,
essentially forcing owners to give them up or run afoul of the law.

Outlawing bullet buttons and high-capacity magazines is a priority for gun
control advocates, who hope that making it harder to reload would slow down a
shooter and give bystanders time to escape or intervene. Democratic Gov. Jerry
Brown in 2013 vetoed the Legislature's last attempt to ban bullet buttons,
saying it was too far-reaching. A high-capacity magazine ban failed in the state
Assembly that year.

The debate has fallen along familiar lines, with Democrats advocating a
crackdown on guns in the name of safety and Republicans saying that tougher gun
laws only hinder people intent on following the law.

"Gun ownership is a constitutional bedrock," said Sen. Ted Gaines, R-El Dorado
Hills. "We can't smash the 2nd Amendment into a million pieces and expect
America to be as free and strong as it's always been."

Senators approved 11 gun-related bills in total.

They include regulations for homemade firearms, background checks for ammunition
purchases, a mandate to report lost or stolen guns, a ban on loaning firearms to
friends and funding for a gun-violence research center.

The debate in the Senate comes as Newsom, a Democrat running for governor in
2018, is advocating a November gun control ballot measure incorporating many of
the policies the Senate backed Thursday.

Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, D-Los Angeles, said he's also concerned
that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's campaign will
drive more right-leaning voters to the polls and imperil the gun-control
initiative.

"I think it's too risky to put a lot of hard work, decades of hard work, before
the voters of California. We don't know if it passes or not," de Leon said. "But
if we can get it done in the legislative body, the question is, why not do it?"

De Leon wrote to Newsom last month asking him to hold off on his initiative and
allow lawmakers to tackle the problem. Newsom declined.

The measures go to the state Assembly, where Speaker Anthony Rendon,
D-Paramount, and other Democrats have publicly backed some of the policies
approved by the Senate. But they could face a roadblock with moderate Democrats
who have watered down or halted legislation from the more liberal Senate.

The initiative isn't going away, said Dan Newman, a campaign strategist working
on the campaign. The initiative takes a different approach to tracking
ammunition purchases and also requires vendors to report lost or stolen
ammunition.

"It's one of those situations where more is more," Newman said. "The NRA is so
powerful, and the gun violence tragedies are so frequent and so horrific, we
need to take bold action in every way possible."

Gun rights advocates blasted the Senate for rushing the legislation to meet a
deadline at the end of June for Newsom to withdraw his initiative.

"It is nothing short of unconscionable that millions of law-abiding Californians
are being used as chess pieces in a twisted political game to see who can race
to the bottom first," said Craig DeLuz, legislative advocate for the gun rights
group Firearms Policy Coalition.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 5:05 PM GMT

In swing state suburbs, white women are skeptical of Trump

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW and JULIE PACE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 1180 words

DATELINE: WESTERVILLE, Ohio


WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP) - For Donald Trump to win the White House in November,
he'll need the votes of women like lifelong Republican Wendy Emery.

Yet the 52-year-old from the suburbs of Columbus, Ohio, is struggling with the
idea of voting for her party's presumptive presidential nominee.

"I'm just disappointed, really disappointed," she said while standing in her
arts and crafts shop. She and her circle of friends are "still in shock" over
Trump's success and wonder who's voting for him, "because we don't know any of
them."

Emery's negative impression of Trump was shared by most of the dozens of white,
suburban women from politically important states who were interviewed by The
Associated Press this spring. Their views are reflected in opinion polls, such
as a recent AP-GfK survey that found 70 percent of women have unfavorable
opinions of Trump.

Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign sees that staggering figure as a tantalizing
general election opening.

While white voters continue to abandon the Democratic Party, small gains with
white women could help put likely nominee Clinton over the top if the November
election is close. Democrats believe these women could open up opportunities for
Clinton in North Carolina, where President Barack Obama struggled with white
voters in his narrow loss in the state 2012, and even in Georgia, a Republican
stronghold that Democrats hope to make competitive.

Patty Funderburg of Charlotte, North Carolina, voted for Republican Mitt Romney
in 2012, but says she's already convinced that Trump won't get her vote.

"He's not who I'd want to represent our country," said Funderburg, a 54-year-old
mother of three.

Trump insists he's "going to do great with women." He's accused Clinton of
playing the "woman's card" in her bid to become the first female commander in
chief. He's said he will link her aggressively to past indiscretions with women
by her husband, former President Bill Clinton.

The businessman also has previewed an argument focused on national security,
with echoes of the pitch that President George W. Bush successfully made to
white suburban women during his 2004 re-election.

"Women want, above all else, they want security," Trump told The Associated
Press recently. "They want to have a strong military, they want to have strong
borders. They don't want crime." He said "Hillary is viewed poorly on that."

Not so in the AP-GfK poll. About 40 percent of women surveyed said Clinton would
be best at protecting the country and handling the threat posed by the Islamic
State group, and about 30 percent said Trump.

Throughout the primary, Clinton has talked about policies meant to appeal to
women: equal pay, expanded child care, paid family and medical leave and more.

And Trump has his own complicated past regarding women and has faced criticism
for his actions both in his personal life and at his businesses toward them.
He's vigorously defended his treatment of women, as has his daughter Ivanka
Trump, who said her father "has total respect for women."

A super political action committee backing Clinton has released its first
television advertisements featuring Trump's contentious statements about women.

"Does Donald Trump really speak for you?" the super PAC ad asks.

For many of the women interviewed, the answer appears to be no.

"He's just a jerk," said Elizabeth Andrus, a registered Republican in Delaware,
Ohio, who says she voted twice for Obama. She praised Trump's political skills
and argued his business career indicates an intellect and ability that could
benefit the nation.

But his temperament, she said, is somewhere between "buffoonery" and "complete
narcissism."

"It would be like having Putin for president," she added, referring to Russia's
sometimes belligerent president, Vladimir Putin.

Erin Freedman, a 38-year-old from Reston, Virginia, said Trump "scares the crap
out of me." While she's an enthusiastic backer of Clinton's primary rival,
Bernie Sanders, she said she'd have no problem backing the former secretary of
state against Trump in a general election.

Even some reluctant Trump supporters say they want him to dial back the
braggadocio and caustic insults, and engage people more seriously.

"He's the nominee, so I'll vote for him," said Renee Herman, a 45-year-old from
Sunbury, Ohio, who preferred retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and her home-state
governor, John Kasich, in the GOP primary field. "But it's time we get past all
this showmanship and hear from him what he actually wants to do and his plans
for how to do it."

Trump's best opening is that Clinton, who is on the cusp of clinching her
party's nomination, would enter the November race with a majority of Americans
taking a dim view of her candidacy. Fifty-five percent have a negative view of
Clinton, including 53 percent of women, in the AP-GfK poll.

"Anybody but Hillary," said Carolyn Owen, a 64-year-old educator from Clayton,
North Carolina, near Raleigh. She said Trump wasn't her first choice, "but it's
better than the alternative."

While Obama won the support of women overall in his two White House campaigns,
white women have increasingly been shifting toward the Republican Party in
recent elections. Obama only won 42 percent of white women in 2012. Romney won
56 percent of white women, more than Bush and the party's 2008 nominee, Sen.
John McCain.

Clinton's hopes will largely hinge on replicating Obama's coalition of blacks,
Hispanics and young people. In both of his elections, Obama earned
near-unanimous support from black women, while drawing the votes of roughly 7 in
10 Hispanic women. But she would have more room for error with those groups if
she can increase Democrats' share of white women.

Another potentially favorable scenario for Clinton involves Republican and
independent women who can't stomach a vote for Trump but also don't want to vote
for a Democrat. Maybe they simply stay home, keeping the GOP nominee's vote
totals down.

For Angee Stephens of Indianola, Iowa, that seems to be the only option at this
point. She's wary of Clinton's use of a private email server while she was
secretary of state, which is the subject of an FBI investigation, and her past
political decisions. But "Trump sort of scares me," Stephens said.

In Georgia, Trump supporter Sue Everhart said she talks regularly with suburban
Republican women struggling with whether to vote for Trump, and said some cite
his boorishness. The former state party chairwoman said she tries to bring the
conversation back to Clinton and remind Republicans "who we are running
against."

As for Trump's penchant for controversial statements about women, Everhart said,
"I learned a long time ago that most any man over 50 in this party, they like
you as long as you're making the cookies."

"I should probably be offended," she added. "But I'm not."

___

Pace reported from Raleigh, North Carolina. Associated Press writer Catherine
Lucey in Iowa and AP News Survey Specialist Emily Swanson in Washington
contributed to this report.

___

On Twitter follow Barrow at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Pace at
https://twitter.com/JPaceDC .

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 5:05 PM GMT

In swing-state suburbs, white women are skeptical of Trump

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW and JULIE PACE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: WESTERVILLE, Ohio


WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP) - For Donald Trump to win the White House in November,
he'll need the votes of women like lifelong Republican Wendy Emery.

Yet the 52-year-old from the suburbs of Columbus, Ohio, is struggling with the
idea of voting for her party's presumptive presidential nominee.

"I'm just disappointed, really disappointed," she said while standing in her
arts and crafts shop. She and her circle of friends are "still in shock" over
Trump's success and wonder who is voting for him, "because we don't know any of
them."

Emery's negative impression was shared by most of the dozens of white, suburban
women interviewed by The Associated Press this spring in politically important
states. Their views are reflected in opinion polls, including a recent AP-GfK
survey that found 70 percent of women have unfavorable opinions of Trump.

Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign sees that staggering figure as a tantalizing
general election opening.

While white voters continue to abandon the Democratic Party, small gains with
white women could help put likely nominee Clinton over the top if the November
election is close. Democrats believe these women could open up opportunities for
Clinton in North Carolina, where President Barack Obama lost the state narrowly
in 2012, and in Georgia, a Republican stronghold that Democrats hope to make
competitive.

Patty Funderburg of Charlotte, North Carolina, voted for Republican nominee Mitt
Romney in 2012, but says Trump won't get her vote. "He's not who I'd want to
represent our country," said the 54-year-old mother of three.

Trump insists he's "going to do great with women." He's accused Clinton of
playing the "woman's card" in her bid to become the first female commander in
chief. He's said he will link her aggressively to past indiscretions with women
by her husband, former President Bill Clinton.

"Women want, above all else, they want security ... a strong military, they want
to have strong borders," Trump told the AP recently, previewing a strategy
focused on national security.

Throughout the primary, Clinton has talked about policies important to many
women: equal pay, expanded child care, paid family and medical leave, and more.

A super political action committee backing Clinton also released its first
television advertisements this week featuring controversial statements Trump has
made about women. "Does Donald Trump really speak for you?" the ad asks.

For many of the women who spoke with the AP, the answer appears to be no.

"He's just a jerk," said Elizabeth Andrus, a registered Republican in Delaware,
Ohio, who says she voted twice for Obama. She praised Trump's political skills
and argued that his business career indicates an intellect and ability that
could benefit the nation. But his temperament, she said, is somewhere between
"buffoonery" and "complete narcissism."

Even some reluctant Trump supporters say they want him to dial it back and
engage more seriously. "It's time we get past all this showmanship and hear from
him what he actually wants to do and his plans for how to do it," said Renee
Herman, a 45-year-old from Sunbury, Ohio.

Trump's best opening is that Clinton, who is on the cusp of clinching her
party's nomination, also would enter a general election campaign with the
majority of Americans taking a dim view of her candidacy. Fifty-five percent of
Americans have a negative view of Clinton, including 53 percent of women.

"Anybody but Hillary," said Carolyn Owen, a 64-year-old educator from Clayton,
North Carolina, near Raleigh. She said Trump wasn't her first choice, "but it's
better than the alternative."

Obama twice carried women overall, but white women have been shifting toward
Republicans in recent presidential elections. Obama only carried 42 percent of
white women in 2012, with 56 percent opting for Romney, more than Bush and 2008
GOP nominee John McCain.

Clinton's first priority still is to replicate Obama's success with blacks,
Hispanics and young people. In both of his elections, Obama earned
near-unanimous support from black women, while drawing the votes of roughly 7 in
10 Hispanic women. But an uptick among suburban white women would give her
margin for error or even propel her to a big win. Another potential Clinton
boon: Many Republican and independent-leaning women with concerns about Trump
could stay home.

In Georgia, Trump supporter Sue Everhart said she talks regularly with suburban
Republican women grappling with Trump's candidacy, some of them citing his
boorishness. The former state party chairwoman said she tries to bring the
conversation back to Clinton and remind Republicans "who we are running
against."

As for Trump's penchant for controversial statements about women, Everhart said,
"I learned a long time ago that most any man over 50 in this party, they like
you as long as you're making the cookies."

"I should probably be offended," she added. "But I'm not."

___

Pace reported from Raleigh, North Carolina. Associated Press writer Catherine
Lucey in Iowa and AP News Survey Specialist Emily Swanson in Washington
contributed to this report.

___

Follow Barrow and Pace on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and
https://twitter.com/JPaceDC

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 4:30 PM GMT

Can Cleveland keep the peace during Republican convention?

BYLINE: By MARK GILLISPIE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 839 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND (AP) - Cleveland managed to avoid the kind of violent confrontations
between police and protesters seen in Missouri and Baltimore after police killed
black residents, but will it be able to keep the peace when officers and
activists flood downtown for the Republican National Convention?

City officials have been coy about their plans for handling convention protests,
saying only they are prepared for "challenges" and are working to free up jail
cells, while activists have warily eyed the city's acquisition of riot gear.

Larry Bresler, who hopes to help stage an economic-inequality protest on the
first day of the July convention, is among those who believe activists this
summer can't expect the same accommodations they got in protests after the
police killing of black 12-year-old Tamir Rice and the acquittal of an officer
for his role in the deaths of two unarmed black people in a 137-shot barrage.

Bresler called the convention "a whole different ballgame" and said he doesn't
expect police to be so pliable this summer.

"I don't think there's a chance that'll be the case," he said.

After the killing of Tamir, who was carrying an airsoft gun that looked real, by
a rookie patrolman, Cleveland officers would typically lead protest processions
in their cruisers while blocking intersections and mostly allowing people to
march where they pleased. During one of the first protests, marchers blocked a
busy freeway. Police Chief Calvin Williams was often on hand to observe.

But the convention will prove an additional test for the Cleveland Police
Department, which last year began operating under a reform-minded agreement
called a consent decree after a U.S. Justice Department investigation concluded
officers had shown a pattern of using excessive force and violating people's
civil rights.

A city spokesman said no Cleveland officials would be available to comment for
this article.

A police union official has said around 600 Cleveland police officers are
expected to join several thousand officers hired from other law enforcement
agencies to provide security downtown during the convention week. The Secret
Service will be responsible for the security perimeter that surrounds the
convention site, Quicken Loans Arena, at the edge of downtown.

A police official told City Council members last month that the department is
prepared to meet expected "challenges."

"We are prepared to assist anyone who legally and lawfully wants to exercise
their free speech rights," Deputy Chief Ed Tomba said.

Public Safety Director Michael McGrath told the council at the same meeting that
the city is working with Cuyahoga County to free up jail cells should police
need to arrest large numbers of people.

Activists have expressed concerns about the type of police-related equipment
Cleveland is purchasing using the $50 million federal grant it received to pay
for convention security, including 2,000 sets of riot gear. During a City
Council hearing last month, police officials indicated that police would
initially wear khaki uniforms and not riot gear, a practice police in other
cities have used during political conventions.

While activists also said they were worried about Cleveland buying armored
vehicles and "non-lethal" weapons that shoot bean bags and rubber pellets,
there's no indication the city has bought any.

Two groups, including Bresler's, have submitted parade permit applications that
said they expect as many as 5,000 people to participate in separate rallies on
July 18, the first official day of the convention. Previous downtown protests
never grew larger than several hundred people.

The other group planning a July 18 rally and march is Citizens for Trump. The
American Civil Liberties Union on Thursday threatened to sue if the city doesn't
decide whether to issue permits to the two group by June 1. The ACLU has said
the groups have been told Cleveland won't issue permits until the U.S. Secret
Service has finalized its security plan two weeks before the convention.

Police were sharply criticized last year after arresting around 70 people in an
alley in downtown's popular Warehouse District of bars, restaurants and clubs.
They were part of a protest held the day a judge acquitted a white police
officer of voluntary manslaughter for his role in the deaths of the two unarmed
black suspects.

Police said the arrests were made when protesters refuse to leave the alley;
protesters said police wouldn't allow them to leave. The ACLU sued on behalf of
some of the protesters, and the city settled out of court. It also issued a
"statement of regret."

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump earlier this year predicted riots
if the GOP establishment tried to deny him the nomination should he acquire the
necessary delegates. While Trump has all but clinched the nomination, downtown
business owners said they are confident police will protect them.

"I'm not concerned about it," said Austin Ruesch, owner of Vegan Cafe a few
blocks from Quicken Loans. "We're going to be open as much as possible."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Lookahead

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 3:32 PM GMT

Trump's campaign investment tops $43 million

BYLINE: By CHAD DAY and JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump poured more than $7.5 million of his own money
into his presidential campaign in April, bringing his total personal investment
to more than $43 million since he declared his candidacy, new campaign finance
reports filed late Friday show.

The billionaire businessman, who swatted away 16 Republican rivals and relied
heavily on wall-to-wall media coverage of his outsized personality and often
inflammatory remarks, reported spending about $56 million during the primary,
which lasted until his final two rivals, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John
Kasich, dropped out of the race at the beginning of May.

In April alone, Trump spent nearly $9.4 million, according to his monthly filing
with the Federal Election Commission. Trump's largest expense in April, about
$2.6 million, was for advertisements. The campaign also spent more than $930,000
on direct mail. Other big-ticket items included roughly $585,000 in airfare paid
to Trump's TAG Air Inc.

While much of Trump's money has come from his own pocket, he reported about $1.7
million in donations last month. Those contributions have come largely from
people buying Trump's campaign merchandise, including the red "Make America
Great Again" ball caps, and giving online through his campaign website. Trump
didn't begin developing a team of fundraisers until recently, after he became
the presumptive GOP nominee.

Almost all of Trump's personal investment has come in the form of loans. That
leaves open the possibility that he can repay himself now that he's aggressively
seeking donations. A new fundraising agreement he struck with the Republican
National Committee and 11 state parties explicitly seeks contributions for his
primary campaign.

Yet Trump said in a statement this week that he has "absolutely no intention" of
paying himself back.

Instead, he will be able to use any primary money he raises, in increments of up
to $2,700 per donor, on expenses such as salaries, advertising and voter
outreach over the next nine weeks. After the GOP convention in late July, Trump
will officially become the nominee and be restricted to spending money that's
earmarked for the general election.

His likely rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, has a head start on building a war
chest for the November election. She partnered with Democratic parties months
ago and has been raising millions of dollars for them. In April alone, she
collected almost $800,000 in campaign money for the general election.

By contrast, Trump will hold his first campaign fundraiser next week, an event
in Los Angeles where the minimum price of admission is $25,000, according to the
invitation. Those donations are to be split among Trump's campaign and his
Republican Party allies.

In addition to the Trump campaign's financial health, the filings also show that
when Cruz dropped out, money wasn't the issue: He had $9.4 million in his
campaign coffers at the end of April, just days before his defeat May 3 in the
Indiana primary prompted him to end his bid. At the time, Cruz said he left the
race because he saw no path forward.

___

Follow Chad Day and Julie Bykowicz on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ChadSDay and
https://twitter.com/bykowicz

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 2:01 PM GMT

Highlights from the 95th running of the Indianapolis 500

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 140 words


RACE: 95th Indianapolis 500

DATE: May 29, 2011

WINNER: Dan Wheldon

AVERAGE SPEED: 170.265 mph

WHAT HAPPENED: American rookie J.R. Hildebrand was poised to take the checkered
flag when his car drifted high on the final turn of the last lap and he hit the
wall. Wheldon slipped by as Hildebrand skidded down the front stretch, winning
his second Indy 500. Hildebrand finished second in his wrecked car.

NOTABLE: The race capped a three-year centennial celebration of the Indy 500.
Donald Trump was supposed to drive the pace car but stepped away due to "time
constraints," though there was a public campaign to prevent him from
participating. Wheldon won for one-off team Bryan Herta Autosport, much to the
chagrin of Hildebrand's team Panther Racing - which fired Wheldon before the
season. Wheldon was killed that October in a wreck at Las Vegas.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 6:44 AM GMT

NY company closely tied to Trump honors Trump businesses

BYLINE: By JAKE PEARSON and JEFF HORWITZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 874 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - The Trump Grill at Trump Tower has one. So, too, does the Trump
Buffet & Grill in the basement. Indeed the entire New York City skyscraper
sports one for being "the ultimate residential building worldwide."

More than a dozen Donald Trump businesses - from golf courses, hotels, casinos
and private clubs - have been honored over the years with "Star Diamond" awards
from the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences, a company that doles out
shiny plaques representing "the most prestigious award of true excellence in
hospitality."

But in Trump's case the academy isn't an independent observer - it is run by a
longtime Trump associate, Joseph Cinque, who goes by the nickname "Joey No
Socks" and has a felony conviction for possessing stolen property.

Trump, who as recently as last year was listed on the group's website as its
"ambassador extraordinaire," praised Joseph Cinque in a 2009 tribute video,
calling him "a special guy."

But asked about his relationship with Cinque now, Trump said he didn't know him
that well and was unaware of Cinque's criminal conviction.

"If a guy's going to give you an award, you take it," Trump told The Associated
Press. "You don't tend to look up his whole life story."

An AP review shows that about half of the roughly 30 American Academy of
Hospital Sciences trustees listed in the company's own press materials appear to
be Trump friends and business associates.

At one point, Trump's two adult sons; the chief operating officer of the Trump
Organization, Matthew Calamari; and Trump's longtime butler, Anthony Senecal;
all served as trustees simultaneously.

Author Harvey Mackay, who interviewed Trump about his business acumen in the
2004 book, "We got Fired!" was listed as a trustee, although a representative
for Mackay denied that he was involved with the group.

Also listed are businessman Howard Lorber, who has called Trump his "hero," and
actor Tony Lo Bianco, who said he believes he was introduced to Cinque years ago
by Trump.

"As you know, of course Donald Trump does everything first class," said Lo
Bianco.

Trump said the board members connected to the Trump Organization are likely just
the recipient of honorifics.

"I don't know that anybody goes," he said. "I've never gone to a board meeting."

While the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences has given awards to hotels
and restaurants around the globe, including famed Manhattan restaurants Le
Cirque and Jean-Georges, the company has also honored Mexican food, Poland's
tourism board and Sepp Blatter, the former president of soccer's scandal-plagued
governing body, for "making the world's greatest sport even better."

Still, the ties between Cinque and Trump appear to be close. Cinque served as a
judge with Donald Trump Jr. in the 2008 Miss Universe pageant. The academy
honored Donald Trump with a lifetime achievement award in 2013.

"My view is that this is primarily a marketing program," said Michael Petrone,
who heads up AAA's ratings program, which gives out Five Diamond status to a
fraction of the hotels inspectors review annually, including to some Trump
properties.

A 1999 lawsuit against Cinque by a former business partner alleges award-winners
paid promotional fees to be named in the group's glossy publications, calling
the academy "merely the alter ego of Cinque." It settled months later.

A decade after that, Trump friend Stewart Rahr, a billionaire pharmaceutical
wholesaler, sued Cinque and his organization, saying that they failed to publish
a "man of the year" profile of his philanthropic efforts in the right issue
despite being paid a $25,000 fee. A judge ruled Rahr was owed the $25,000.

One former trustee, William Hetzler, founder of the German-American Hall of
Fame, said he cut ties after he wasn't reimbursed for expenses related to a trip
to Germany in which he connected Cinque to high-end chefs.

"If someone's not trustworthy I go the other direction," said Hetzler, whose
Hall of Fame inducted Trump during a 2012 ceremony in Trump Tower.

Hetzler said Cinque sometimes gives awards for free and sometimes charges for
the honor.

Trump told the AP that he's familiar with groups that try to sell awards as a
marketing gimmick. But he said he has never paid Cinque's organization for its
distinctions.

"Whoever received a reward qualified," said the woman who answered the phone at
Cinque's company but refused to give her name. "Why don't you go after Hillary
Clinton?"

A lawyer for the company, Stuart Perry, said that after past bad experiences
with the media, he was wary about having Cinque speak with a reporter. But he
said the company was "a pretty open book."

"The basic overall of the academy per se is dealing with five and six star
properties," he said. "Only dealing with the best of the best in various
categories."

Perry is also a "trustee adviser" to the academy, as is a lawyer who represented
Cinque in his failed attempts to appeal a 2008 drunken driving conviction in New
Jersey.

According to a 1995 profile in New York Magazine, Cinque pleaded guilty to a
felony after police broke down the door of his Manhattan apartment and found a
trove of valuable stolen art, including prints by Marc Chagall. Court records
show he pleaded guilty to possession of stolen property in 1989.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 6:39 AM GMT

George P. Bush: A Bush can survive in Trump political world

BYLINE: By WILL WEISSERT, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 803 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


DALLAS (AP) - George P. Bush was talking about his future political plans - and
how Donald Trump wouldn't reshape them - when two women approached, giddy with
excitement.

They wanted pictures with a man whose photogenic smile once landed him on People
magazine's most-eligible bachelors list. Up close, though, they saw something
unexpected.

"You look like your dad," Ruth Ann Pratt, a retired college math teacher from
Lake Jackson, near Houston, finally exclaimed. "You turn slightly to the side,
and you ARE your dad."

Bush only smiled. These days, being associated with his father, former Florida
Gov. Jeb Bush, may not be such a great thing.

Eighteen months after he was elected Texas land commissioner and a few weeks
past his 40th birthday, Bush is quietly continuing his family's legacy. The
grandson of one former president and nephew of another, he remains a rising star
in America's largest conservative state and is keeping alive the possibility
that a political dynasty declared dead by many when his dad flamed out of the
presidential race could yet again return to national prominence.

What remains to be seen, though, is if a third George Bush can survive in a
political world turned upside down by Trump - where Republican primary voters
overwhelmingly have embraced the ultimate outsider who promises to smash the
political establishment the Bushes embodied for decades.

"Regardless of what comes at me, I'll be prepared," Bush said of the possibility
his last name has shifted from GOP royalty to a liability.

In an interview during the recent Texas Republican Convention in Dallas, Bush
said that, like his father, grandfather and uncle, he isn't endorsing Trump or
attending the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.

Bush said he was part of a national conservative movement concerned about
Trump's candidacy.

"He has the ability to win us over if he clarifies many of his remarks and he
demonstrates that he has humility and that he doesn't besmirch peoples'
character as the motivating factor for why he's running for office," Bush said.

Pointing to his own sons, ages 1 and 3, he added: "I want them to be able to
look at the Oval Office and see the presidential seal and say, 'That is somebody
who I look up to.'"

Trump says being shunned by the Bushes proves he's not beholden to Washington
powerbrokers. And Bush's hesitation to embrace Trump hasn't appeared to cost him
much in Texas and beyond - at least not yet.

Joe Brettell, a former GOP congressional staffer now based in Houston said
"George P. has one of the brightest political futures in the country."

"He is absolutely on any smart Republican's radar,"Brettell said. "When the
party begins to rebuild after Trump, Marco Rubio and George P. Bush will be two
people that they look at as a blueprint for potential good times ahead."

Bush said he's not worried since "I believe that Texas is unique and its
politics are separate from what's happening nationally."

"This isn't a smaller state where potentially there's more consolidation behind
another candidate," he said.

Texas' GOP establishment has long seen Bush, whose mother was born in Mexico and
who speaks fluent Spanish, as a potential powerhouse - especially for Hispanics,
who will become the state's majority population by around 2030.

The land commissioner's office has sometimes led to better-known posts. It's
hard to imagine Bush challenging Texas' popular and ideologically similar Gov.
Greg Abbott, in a 2018 Republican primary. But Bush, an attorney, could be a
favorite in the state's race for attorney general. Texas's current attorney
general, Republican Ken Paxton, is facing felony securities fraud indictments
that may complicate the re-election bid he's vowing to mount in two years.

Bush, however, says he has "every intention of running again for the General
Land Office, but my priorities right now require my focus to be on the here and
the now."

His agency oversees the state's publicly held land, roughly 13 million acres,
and administers mineral rights leases to oil and gas companies, which has
generated nearly $17 billion for public schools.

Still, in speeches, Bush is quick to mention national issues. Addressing Texas'
Republican Convention, he offered a message directly to President Barack Obama
and Democratic presidential front runner Hillary Clinton.

"You want to regulate our jobs? You want to take our land? You want to control
our guns and our rights? You want to run our schools? You want to take over our
state?," Bush asked. "No! Way!"

Emmy McDaniel, a Texas GOP delegate from Pflugerville, just north of Austin,
said of Bush: "We're going to hear a lot more from him in the future."

"He's going to be sidelined a little with what happened with his dad," she said.
"But, in the long term and for many years, I think he'll be running for bigger
offices."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2159 words


Searchers find body parts, seats, luggage from Egyptian jet

CAIRO (AP) - Search crews found floating human remains, luggage and seats from
the doomed EgyptAir jetliner Friday but face a potentially more complex task in
locating bigger pieces of wreckage and the black boxes vital to determining why
the plane plunged into the Mediterranean.

An aviation industry publication, meanwhile, reported that sensors detected
smoke in a lavatory, suggesting a fire onboard before the aircraft went down.

Looking for clues to whether terrorists brought down EgyptAir Flight 804 and its
66 people aboard, investigators pored over the passenger list and questioned
ground crew members at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, where the plane took
off.

The Airbus A320 had been cruising normally in clear skies on a nighttime flight
to Cairo early Thursday when it suddenly lurched left, then right, spun all the
way around and plummeted 38,000 feet (11,582.4 meters) into the sea, never
issuing a distress signal.

In Egypt, home to 30 of the victims, grieving families and friends wondered if
their loved ones would ever be recovered. Many gathered in mosques for Salat
al-Ghaib, or "prayers for the absent," held for the dead whose bodies have not
been found.

___

Secret Service shoots man with gun outside White House

WASHINGTON (AP) - A U.S. Secret Service officer shot a man with a gun who
approached a checkpoint outside the White House on Friday afternoon and refused
to drop his weapon, the Secret Service said.

The White House was briefly placed on a security alert after the shooting, which
happened within view of sightseers as sidewalks were crowded with families,
school groups and government workers.

The armed man approached the checkpoint on E Street shortly after 3 p.m., and
ignored repeated orders from the officer to drop his gun, according to a
statement from David Iacovetti, a Secret Service deputy assistant director.

The officer fired one shot at the man and the gun was recovered at the scene,
Iacovetti said. The man was transported in critical condition to a nearby
hospital, an emergency medical services spokesman said.

President Barack Obama was away playing golf, but Vice President Joe Biden was
in the White House complex and was secured during the lockdown, his office said.
The security alert was lifted about an hour later.

___

At NRA, Trump slams Clinton for 'heartless' gun restrictions

LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Donald Trump on Friday slammed Hillary Clinton as
"heartless" for backing restrictions on gun ownership that he said would leave
Americans in high-crime areas unable to protect themselves. He also challenged
Clinton to follow his lead and release a list of potential Supreme Court
nominees.

Trump's remarks came at the National Rifle Association convention in Louisville,
Kentucky. The gun rights organization endorsed the presumptive Republican
nominee ahead of his remarks, despite Trump's previous support for measures like
an assault weapons ban that the NRA vigorously opposes.

The businessman has taken a far less restrictive stance on guns during the
Republican presidential primary. His call for ending "gun-free zones" across the
country was enthusiastically welcomed by the NRA crowd.

Trump centered his remarks on Clinton, claiming she would seek to "abolish" the
Second Amendment through the Supreme Court and release violent criminals if
elected president. He also called her "Heartless Hillary" - a new nickname from
the branding expert for the likely Democratic nominee - for backing restrictions
aimed at reducing gun deaths, saying her proposals would instead leave
law-abiding citizens exposed to criminals.

"She's putting the most vulnerable Americans in jeopardy," Trump said. He added
that women in particular would be at risk, a nod to what he's said will be a
security-focused appeal to women in the general election.

___

US says Iraqi forces have retaken western town of Rutba

TAJI, Iraq (AP) - The top American general for the Middle East said Friday he is
confident that Iraq is on course to defeating the Islamic State, but his words
were spare and cautious, his tone notably muted.

Gen. Joseph Votel, the new head of U.S. Central Command, spent the day
consulting with U.S. and Iraqi military officials and visiting a base north of
Baghdad that is training Iraqi army combat units.

"They are getting better," he told reporters later, referring to his broad
assessment of Iraq's progress after the stunning collapses in 2014-15 that ceded
large swaths of territory to the Islamic State in the north and west. "That
said, there is still a lot left to do."

Noting the Iraqis' recent battlefield successes, including the recapture of
Ramadi late last year and their retaking this week of Rutba, a strategic
crossroads in western Iraq, Votel said he sees momentum developing and Iraqi
confidence rising.

"I think their readiness is improving," he said, adding, "I think they're
getting a better handle on the challenges that they face."

___

Sanders delegates brace for Philadelphia convention fight

DENVER (AP) - Gabriel McArthur is heading to the Democratic National Convention
in July to serve as a delegate for Bernie Sanders. Screaming and shouting are a
distinct possibility from the Sanders camp at the event, he says.

McArthur and other Sanders supporters are approaching the gathering with the
enthusiasm that has powered the effort from the start - holding garage sales,
delivering pizza and raising money online to pay for their travel to
Philadelphia.

But their nerves are raw now over the Democratic Party's perceived slights
against the insurgent candidate and they are clinging to a bygone hope that
Sanders can wrest the nomination from Hillary Clinton despite her overpowering
lead in delegates.

As these super-fans chant "Bernie or bust," Democratic officials are growing
increasingly worried about dissent, especially after a recent state convention
in Nevada turned raucous. Some of the Sanders backers who are going to the
convention as delegates for him - and there are more than 1,400 - give party
officials little reason for comfort.

"I don't think we're going to see a lot of violence, but we are going to see
some screaming and shouting if the DNC doesn't humanize itself," McArthur, a
24-year-old administrative assistant in suburban Denver, said of the Democratic
National Committee. "A little civil disobedience is OK. It's part of being an
American."

___

Deposition text: Cosby's wife refused to answer many queries

BOSTON (AP) - Bill Cosby's wife refused to answer dozens of questions during a
combative deposition in a defamation lawsuit filed by seven women who say the
comedian branded them liars after they accused him of sexually assaulting them,
according to a transcript released Friday.

Camille Cosby was subjected to intense questioning by the women's lawyer, who
repeatedly pressed her to say whether she believes her husband "acted with a
lack of integrity" during their 52-year marriage. The lawyer also asked if her
husband used his position and power "to manipulate young women."

Camille Cosby didn't answer those questions and many others after her lawyer
cited marital privilege, the legal protection given to communications between
spouses. She repeatedly said she had "no opinion" when pressed on whether she
viewed her husband's behavior as dishonest and a violation of their marriage
vows.

About 50 women have publicly accused Bill Cosby of forcing unwanted sexual
contact on them decades ago. Cosby has denied the allegations. He faces a
criminal case in Pennsylvania, where prosecutors have charged him with sexually
violating a former Temple University employee, Andrea Constand. He has pleaded
not guilty.

Camille Cosby answered questions in the deposition Feb. 22 and again April 19
after her lawyers argued unsuccessfully to stop it. A judge ruled she would have
to give a deposition but said she could refuse to answer questions about private
communications between her and her husband.

___

Oklahoma governor vetoes bill criminalizing abortion

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin on Friday vetoed legislation to
make it a felony for doctors to perform an abortion, a measure that would have
effectively outlawed the procedure in the state.

In vetoing the measure just a day after the Legislature passed it, Fallin, a
Republican who opposes abortion, said it was vague and would not withstand a
legal challenge.

"The bill is so ambiguous and so vague that doctors cannot be certain what
medical circumstances would be considered 'necessary to preserve the life of the
mother,'" Fallin said. "While I consistently have and continue to support a
re-examination of the United States Supreme Court's decision in Roe v. Wade,
this legislation cannot accomplish that re-examination."

The bill's sponsor, Republican Sen. Nathan Dahm, said the measure was aimed at
ultimately overturning the U.S. Supreme Court's 1973 decision that legalized
abortion nationwide. Dahm said he was considering whether to try to override the
governor's veto, which would require a two-thirds majority in each chamber, a
threshold it did not meet in the House when it first passed. The bill passed on
a 33-12 vote in the Senate with no debate on Thursday; it passed 59-9 in the
101-member House on April 21.

"Of course I'll consider it," Dahm said. "I'm weighing my options."

___

Group that helped sell Iran nuke deal also funded media

WASHINGTON (AP) - A group the White House recently identified as a key surrogate
in selling the Iran nuclear deal gave National Public Radio $100,000 last year
to help it report on the pact and related issues, according to the group's
annual report. It also funded reporters and partnerships with other news
outlets.

The Ploughshares Fund's mission is to "build a safe, secure world by developing
and investing in initiatives to reduce and ultimately eliminate the world's
nuclear stockpiles," one that dovetails with President Barack Obama's arms
control efforts. But its behind-the-scenes role advocating for the Iran
agreement got more attention this month after a candid profile of Ben Rhodes,
one of the president's top foreign policy aides.

In The New York Times Magazine article, Rhodes explained how the administration
worked with nongovernmental organizations, proliferation experts and even
friendly reporters to build support for the seven-nation accord that curtailed
Iran's nuclear activity and softened international financial penalties on
Tehran.

"We created an echo chamber," said Rhodes, a deputy national security adviser,
adding that "outside groups like Ploughshares" helped carry out the
administration's message effectively.

The magazine piece revived Republican criticism of the Iran agreement as they
suggested it was evidence of a White House spin machine misleading the American
people. The administration accused opponents of trying to re-litigate the deal
after failing to defeat it in congressional votes last year.

___

Alan Young, star of 1960s sitcom 'Mr. Ed,' dies at 96

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Actor-comedian Alan Young, who played the amiable straight
man to a talking horse in the 1960s sitcom "Mister Ed," has died, a spokeswoman
for the Motion Picture and Television Home said Friday. He was 96.

The English-born, Canadian-educated Young died Thursday, according to Jaime
Larkin, spokeswoman for the retirement community where Young had lived for four
years. His children were with him when he died peacefully of natural causes, she
said.

Young was already a well-known radio and TV comedian, having starred in his own
Emmy-winning variety show, when "Mister Ed" was being readied at comedian George
Burns' production company. Burns is said to have told his staff: "Get Alan
Young. He looks like the kind of guy a horse would talk to."

Mr. Ed was a golden Palomino who spoke only to his owner, Wilbur Post, played by
Young. Fans enjoyed the horse's deep, droll voice ("WIL-bur-r-r-r-r") and the
goofy theme song lyrics ("A horse is a horse, of course, of course ... ").
Cowboy star Allan "Rocky" Lane supplied Mr. Ed's voice.

An eclectic group of celebrities including Clint Eastwood, Mae West and baseball
great Sandy Koufax made guest appearances on the show.

___

Donkeys up for adoption in Hawaii, but only in pairs

HONOLULU (AP) - When David Paul Sennett was a child, he had a stuffed donkey.
But he always wanted a real one of his own.

Decades later, Sennett's childhood dream came true when he adopted Barney, a
wild donkey from Hawaii's Big Island who was orphaned when his mother was killed
by a car.

"He's just like a big dog, he loves to eat bananas and papayas," said Sennett.
"And he's very friendly."

About three years later, Sennett is about to adopt another donkey, one of the
remaining 50 wild donkeys on Hawaii's Big Island. The donkeys are the last of
more than 500 that were cast-offs from the early days of Hawaii coffee and
agricultural plantations.

"We're hoping to get a female that's pregnant and then we'll have a family,"
said Sennett.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 2:19 AM GMT

At NRA, Trump slams Clinton for 'heartless' gun restrictions

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE, Ky.


LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Donald Trump on Friday slammed Hillary Clinton as
"heartless" for backing restrictions on gun ownership that he said would leave
Americans in high-crime areas unable to protect themselves. He also challenged
Clinton to follow his lead and release a list of potential Supreme Court
nominees.

Trump's remarks came at the National Rifle Association convention in Louisville,
Kentucky. The gun rights organization endorsed the presumptive Republican
nominee ahead of his remarks, despite Trump's previous support for measures like
an assault weapons ban that the NRA vigorously opposes.

The businessman has taken a far less restrictive stance on guns during the
Republican presidential primary. His call for ending "gun-free zones" across the
country was enthusiastically welcomed by the NRA crowd.

Trump centered his remarks on Clinton, claiming she would seek to "abolish" the
Second Amendment through the Supreme Court and release violent criminals if
elected president. He also called her "Heartless Hillary" - a new nickname from
the branding expert for the likely Democratic nominee - for backing restrictions
aimed at reducing gun deaths, saying her proposals would instead leave
law-abiding citizens exposed to criminals.

"She's putting the most vulnerable Americans in jeopardy," Trump said. He added
that women in particular would be at risk, a nod to what he's said will be a
security-focused appeal to women in the general election.

Trump heads into the fall campaign with stunningly high disapproval ratings with
women. The supremely confident Trump appeared to acknowledge that weakness,
saying that while his poll numbers with men are strong, "I like women more than
men."

"Come on women, come on," he said.

Clinton's campaign called Trump's gun policies "radical and dangerous." Senior
policy adviser Maya Harris said Clinton believes "there are common-sense steps
we can take at the federal level to keep guns out of the hands of criminals
while respecting the Second Amendment."

Among the measures Clinton supports are expanding background checks to sales at
gun shows and online purchases, and reinstating a ban on assault weapons.

Trump backed an assault weapons ban, as well as slightly longer waiting periods
for gun purchases, in a 2000 book. He's since said such bans don't work and has
also called for making it easier for law-abiding citizens to carry guns for
self-protection.

On Friday, he reiterated his call for ending "gun-free zones" and touted the
list of potential Supreme Court nominees he released this week as a sign of his
commitment to upholding the Second Amendment.

"I'd like to call for Hillary Clinton to put together a list also," said Trump,
predicting her potential justices would be a "day and night" difference with
his. He also said he expects the next president to appoint between three and
five justices to the high court.

NRA leaders were blistering in their condemnation of Clinton, accusing her of
threatening Americans' freedom and being driven by personal greed. During one
speech, an NRA leader briefly played a video showing Clinton barking like dog.

The organization's leaders were less robust in their endorsement of Trump,
mentioning him by name only briefly and saying little about his record on guns.
They appeared to acknowledge there may be some reluctance among their members to
backing the real estate mogul.

Chris Cox, the NRA's chief lobbyist, said that for those who preferred other
candidates to Trump, "It's time to get over it."

Since the early primary states, Trump used his sons, Eric and Donald Jr., both
avid hunters and outdoorsmen, to connect with the gun community and counteract
their father's image as an elite Manhattanite. The pair have visited numerous
gun ranges and gone on several hunting trips, often inviting the media along to
document their skills.

He turned to his sons again Friday as he opened his remarks to NRA members,
noting their long association with the group.

"They have so many rifles, so many guns that even I get a little concerned," he
added.

__

AP writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.

__

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 3:04 PM GMT

Clinton: Sanders has every right to finish campaign

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 136 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton says
persistent rival Bernie Sanders "has every right to finish off his campaign
however he chooses." But she says she wants to focus on presumptive Republican
nominee Donald Trump because his is not "a normal candidacy."

Clinton noted in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press" Sunday that she's won 3
million more votes than Sanders in the Democratic primaries. She said it's time
to talk about Trump because his candidacy poses "immediate dangers" to the
country.

Clinton criticized Trump for being open to pulling the U.S. out of NATO and
allowing some other countries to have nuclear weapons.

She said she's willing to talk with Sanders and "take into account" what the
Vermont senator is asking for at the party's national convention this summer.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 2:28 PM GMT

Mark Cuban tells 'Meet The Press' Thunder are his title pick

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 167 words


Mark Cuban is picking the Oklahoma City Thunder to win the NBA's biggest prize.

The owner of the Dallas Mavericks gave a wide-ranging interview for NBC's "Meet
The Press," and host Chuck Todd ended the sit-down by asking Cuban if he was
picking Cleveland, Golden State or Oklahoma City to win the NBA title.

"You know, I'm going to take a little bit of a long shot here and go with the
Thunder," Cuban said, according to a transcript provided by NBC.

Toronto wasn't one of the options Todd presented to Cuban.

"I've already eliminated the Raptors," Todd said, though it bears noting that
the interview with Cuban was taped before Toronto's win over Cleveland in Game 3
of the Eastern Conference finals on Saturday night. The Cavs still lead that
series, 2-1.

Basketball was a secondary topic in the interview, of course.

Cuban spoke on a number of non-NBA issues , including the likely presidential
showdown between Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, and likely
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 1:42 PM GMT

Clinton calls Trump's gun policies "dangerous"

BYLINE: By SERGIO BUSTOS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.


FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - Donald Trump's gun policies are "not just way out
there" but "dangerous" and would make America less safe, Hillary Clinton said
Saturday.

"This is someone running to be president of the United States of America - a
country facing a gun violence epidemic - and he's talking about more guns in our
schools, he's talking about more hatred and division in our streets," the likely
Democratic presidential nominee said of her presumptive Republican rival.
"That's no way to keep us safe."

Clinton's criticism of Trump came the day after he slammed her as "Heartless
Hillary" for backing restrictions on gun ownership in a speech before the
National Rifle Association convention in Louisville, Kentucky.

Clinton spoke at a conference organized by the Trayvon Martin Foundation to help
mothers whose children or other relatives have died from shootings. It was led
by Sybrina Fulton, whose 17-year-old son, Trayvon Martin, was fatally shot by
neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman in 2012. She has campaigned with
Clinton during the Democratic presidential primaries.

"The reason why I stand with her is because she first stood with me," Fulton
said before introducing Clinton to more than 200 people packed inside a hotel
banquet room.

Queen Thompson Brown, a Miami mother whose son was the victim of gun violence in
2006 and who has mentored Fulton, said she and others do not want to take away
guns from Americans but hope to "promote common sense gun laws."

Clinton praised the courage of Fulton and others who had suffered the loss of
loved ones to gun violence or while in police custody.

"We have a moral obligation to protect our children no matter what zip code they
live in," she said.

She then turned her attention to Trump and his gun policies.

"If you want to imagine what Trump's America will look like, picture more kids
at risk of violence and bigotry, picture more anger and fear," she said.

Clinton repeated her pledge to fight the powerful National Rifle Association
lobby, saying "we will not be silenced, we will not be intimidated."

The gun rights organization endorsed Trump, even though he had previously
supported measures like an assault weapons ban that the NRA vigorously opposes.
The group applauded Trump's call for ending "gun-free zones" across the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 1:16 PM GMT

The Latest: Cuban: Sure, he'd run with Clinton or Trump

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on Campaign 2016 (all times Eastern Daylight Time):

9:03 a.m.

Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban says he'd "absolutely" consider being
Republican Donald Trump's running mate. He'd also "absolutely" consider being
Democrat Hillary Clinton's.

And if those don't work out, the reality show star says maybe he'll run for
president in 2020 or 2024.

Cuban's comments were aired Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press," on Sunday.

Cuban said Trump has a "real chance to win" but his statements sound like, "he's
proposing things based off the last person he talked to."

___

9:00 a.m.

Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton says persistent rival
Bernie Sanders "has every right to finish off his campaign however he chooses."
But she says she wants to focus on presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump
because his is not "a normal candidacy."

Clinton noted in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press" Sunday that she's won 3
million more votes than Sanders in the Democratic primaries. She said it's time
to talk about Trump because his candidacy poses "immediate dangers" to the
country.

Clinton criticized Trump for being open to pulling the U.S. out of NATO and
allowing some other countries to have nuclear weapons.

She said she's willing to talk with Sanders and "take into account" what the
Vermont senator is asking for at the party's national convention this summer.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 12:58 PM GMT

Clinton, Sanders duel over Latino vote in California

BYLINE: By MICHAEL R. BLOOD, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Bernie Sanders' image gazes out from a corner storefront in
Boyle Heights, a Hispanic enclave known for its plump burritos and a plaza where
mariachis strum guitars. It's here that his campaign is going house to house to
cut into Hillary Clinton's advantage with Latino voters.

The oversized painting of the silver-haired Sanders was created by local
artists. Perched in a front window, it's a centerpiece in an art
gallery-turned-unofficial campaign office, where owner Mercedes Hart displays an
array of T-shirts, lapel buttons - even pink underwear - bearing the Vermont
senator's name.

Out front, Sanders campaign workers have set up a table to register voters and
organize volunteers, who will go out to knock on doors and stuff mailboxes with
campaign literature.

"I don't ever feel like I believe politicians, but I believe him," says Hart,
35, who lived for years in Mexico. Like many Sanders' devotees, she is a
first-time voter, taken up by his concern for workaday Americans in an economy
divided by haves and have-nots.

Visitors to her gallery are greeted by a sign above the door featuring a
clenched fist and the slogan "Viva Bernie." It's just one snapshot of the tough
Democratic presidential campaign playing out in the nation's largest state
before the June 7 primary, even as Clinton appears to have a near-lock on the
nomination.

By some estimates, Hispanics could make up as many as 2 in 10 voters in
California. The contest comes on the same day as those in New Jersey and several
other states, in what amounts to the finale of the 2016 primary season.

A come-from-behind win for Sanders in California - a Clinton stronghold and home
to 1 in 8 people in the United States - would end the former first lady's
campaign with a thud, allowing Sanders to refresh his argument that he's the
party's best chance to defeat Republican Donald Trump in November. It would
still, though, almost certainly leave him short of the delegates needed to catch
up to her. The New Jersey results alone may put her over the top June 7.

The California contest has taken on new urgency after Clinton's shaky
performance this month. Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs contends that "millions
of Americans have growing doubts about the Clinton campaign," citing Sanders'
recent victories in Indiana, West Virginia and Oregon.

You could say that age lines have defined the fight for the Latino vote.

Clinton ran up a commanding 2-to-1 edge with Hispanics when she carried
California over Barack Obama in the state's 2008 presidential primary. But an
independent Field Poll last month revealed a much closer contest and a familiar
divide in the electorate: Clinton had a 7-point edge with Hispanics overall,
while Sanders was the choice by a nearly 3-to-1 margin for Latinos under age 40.

Meanwhile, voter registration among young Hispanics, those age 18 to 29, has
been climbing, and they lean to Sanders.

Sanders "has a real potential to win Latinos" in California, predicted Sanders
campaign pollster Ben Tulchin. "He needs an influx of young Latinos and he's
getting it, it's happening."

Who ultimately turns out on election day will be critical to the outcome, said
Jaime Regalado, former executive director of the Pat Brown Institute of Public
Affairs at California State University, Los Angeles.

Also, younger voters are notoriously fickle, especially among Hispanics.

"The most likely Latino voter is still an older voter in California," Regalado
said. "And those voters, almost to a person, will stay with Clinton."

Clinton can count endorsements from virtually all of the state's prominent
Hispanic politicians, including former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa,
Secretary of State Alex Padilla and U.S. Rep. Xavier Becerra, who heads the
House Democratic Caucus. This past week, she added Dolores Huerta, a co-founder
of United Farm Workers, to her list of Hispanic advisers.

Longtime labor leader Eliseo Medina, another newly enlisted Clinton adviser,
told reporters that the campaign was working to boost Hispanic turnout.

"We need to do better, especially among our young people," Medina said.

Both campaigns have been drilling into voter data to find potential supporters
in Hispanic neighborhoods, and lacing their speeches with touchstone issues for
Hispanics, including education, immigration and wages.

One example of the fierce competition: Clinton held a rally at a nearby college
on Cinco de Mayo, the annual celebration of all things Mexican, where Sanders
supporters organized a noisy protest.

At a community college near downtown Los Angeles that enrolls a large number of
Hispanics, Sanders volunteers last week were asking students, "Are you
registered to vote?" and handing out postcards with a depiction of Sanders,
dressed as Uncle Sam.

Among Latino voters, the question is whether Sanders can keep closing the
once-wide gap with Clinton, says Field Poll director Mark DiCamillo.

"It's the younger crowd and the new voters that have been really helping
Sanders," he said. "The question then becomes, has that momentum continued?"

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 12:35 PM GMT

Clinton shrugs, sees benefits in Trump's personal attacks

BYLINE: By LISA LERER and CATHERINE LUCEY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 857 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton has a message for Donald Trump: keep on
talking.

She's just weeks away from wrapping up the Democratic presidential nomination,
and friends, aides and supporters describe a candidate who isn't particularly
rattled by what she expects will be Trump's increasingly direct attacks on her
marriage and husband's personal indiscretions.

In fact, Clinton believes that she can turn Trump's deeply personal assaults to
her benefit, they say, particularly among suburban women who could be crucial to
her hopes in the fall. Her plan is never to engage in any back-and-forth over
the scandals. Instead, she'll merely cast him as a bully and talk about policy.

"I don't care what he says about me, but I do resent what he says about other
people, other successful women, who have worked hard, who have done their part,"
she told an audience in Louisville, Kentucky, this month.

Trump has made clear that nothing is off-limits. He described one of the
allegations of past sexual misconduct involving Bill Clinton as a rape.

"It's all fair," Trump told The Associated Press last week.

He drew a distinction between his own personal history, which includes three
marriages and public admissions of infidelity, with that of the former
president.

"He was the president of the United States when certain things happened," he
said. "My stuff is nothing when you take a look, in terms of a comparison."

Clinton said she wouldn't respond to those kinds of attacks. "That's exactly
what he's fishing for," she told CNN.

Her supporters contend Trump's slams on her character will motivate Democrats,
particularly female voters, so long as Clinton stays focused on rising above
these matters.

"I couldn't believe it, you blame the woman for male infidelity?" said Sen.
Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. "To me it was kind of bizarre that you would visit
the sins of one on the other. I don't think there's any woman in America that
doesn't understand that."

Trump says his quarrel with Hillary Clinton's character is rooted in her
involvement in past efforts to discredit the women linked to her husband, while
portraying herself as a champion of women's issues.

Aides at her campaign headquarters in New York have closely studied the various
strategies of the Republican primary contenders who tried - and failed - to
deflect Trump's insults. They expect far worst to be directed at Clinton.

"It is no surprise he is running his campaign from the gutter, but Hillary
Clinton doesn't care what he says about her," said Clinton spokesman Brian
Fallon.

Ed Klein, one of her most strident critics and the author of books spreading
often discredited rumors about her marriage, had lunch with Trump this month.

Another influence on Trump, GOP consultant Roger Stone, is known for peddling
conspiracy theories about the Clintons and recently came out with a book, "The
Clintons' War on Women," that outlines many of the allegations Trump has hinted
at already.

None of that particularly bothers Clinton, say aides, who's fended off personal
attacks for decades and has become disciplined at ignoring them. But friends say
Bill Clinton has been bracing for a revision of some of the worst moments of his
presidency, including his impeachment proceedings. While he's been looking
forward to going after Trump, some worry that he won't be able to stay on
message if Trump's attacks grow even more personal.

"He's despicable," said Susie Buell, a longtime Clinton backer, of Trump. "This
is the reality and they know it, they don't go into it with blinders on."

Clinton backers say she's seen her approval ratings rise in times of trouble.
Her favorability peaked in late 1998, after her husband was impeached during the
Monica Lewinsky scandal. And she won over female voters in New York after
Republican opponent Rick Lazio invaded her personal space during a Senate
debate.

"Hillary Clinton has been through a lot of fires in her life and her career,"
said Stephanie Schriock, president of Emily's List, a Democratic group that
backs female candidates who support abortion rights.

Still, Trump's eagerness to make gender a major issue has complicated the
delicate balancing act she already faces as the first woman to head a major
party ticket.

Clinton has stopped explicitly mentioning her role in history and joking about
being the "youngest woman president." That's by design: Those kinds of direct
appeals weren't working with voters.

"De-emphasize the 'first' talk," advised a research report done by Emily's List.
"They already know she'd be the first woman president," the report said of
donors, "but we don't get anything by reminding them."

Another challenge, say some of her aides, is tuning out the sometimes
conflicting advice from her vast network of friends, former aides and advisers
when they offer guidance on running while female.

"If she's just herself it's going to be fine," said Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo.
"She just needs to be with America the way she is with us."

___

Lucey reported from Des Moines, Iowa. Associated Press writers Julie Pace and
Jeff Horowitz in Washington and Jill Colvin in Jersey City, New Jersey,
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 11:48 AM GMT

Cameron: I'd meet Trump, but his Muslim comments are wrong

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - British Prime Minister David Cameron said Sunday that he'd be
happy to meet Donald Trump if he becomes the Republican presidential candidate.

But the British leader repeated his claim that Trump's proposal for a temporary
ban on Muslims entering the United States is "wrong and divisive."

Cameron said it was "a very dangerous thing to say" because it makes no
distinction between the peaceful Muslim majority and a minority of extremists.

Trump said last week that he was "not going to have a very good relationship"
with Cameron, who had previously called Trump's proposal "divisive, stupid and
wrong."

Trump later moderated his tone, calling Cameron "a nice guy" and saying the
prime minister had invited him to visit 10 Downing St.

Cameron's office said no formal invitation has been made, but it's customary for
prime ministers to meet both Republican and Democrat presidential nominees if
they visit Britain.

Asked on ITV's "Peston on Sunday" show if he'd meet Trump, Cameron said: "I
don't know."

"American presidential candidates have made a habit of coming through Europe and
through the U.K., and if that happens I'd be very happy to," he said.

Trump's suggestion of a temporary ban on foreign Muslims entering the U.S.
"until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on"
led to a petition signed by half a million people in Britain demanding he be
banned from the country. Lawmakers debated the issue, but rejected a ban.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 22, 2016 Sunday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2138 words


Top US commander makes secret visit to Syria

NORTHERN SYRIA (AP) - On a secret trip to Syria, the new commander of U.S.
forces in the Middle East said Saturday he felt a moral obligation to enter a
war zone to check on his troops and make his own assessment of progress in
organizing local Arab and Kurd fighters for what has been a slow campaign to
push the Islamic State out of Syria.

"I have responsibility for this mission, and I have responsibility for the
people that we put here," Army Gen. Joseph Votel said in an interview as dusk
fell on the remote outpost where he had arrived 11 hours earlier. "So it's
imperative for me to come and see what they're dealing with - to share the risk
they are dealing with."

Votel, who has headed U.S. Central Command for just seven weeks, became the
highest-ranking U.S. military officer known to have entered Syria since the U.S.
began its campaign to counter the Islamic State in 2014. The circumstance was
exceptional because the U.S. has no combat units in Syria, no diplomatic
relations with Syria and for much of the past two years has enveloped much of
its Syria military mission in secrecy.

Votel said he brought reporters with him because, "We don't have anything to
hide. I don't want people guessing about what we're doing here. The American
people should have the right to see what we're doing here."

Votel flew into northern Syria from Iraq, where he had conferred on Friday with
U.S. and Iraqi military commanders. In Syria he met with U.S. military advisers
working with Syrian Arab fighters and consulted with leaders of the Syrian
Democratic Forces, an umbrella group of Kurdish and Arab fighters supported by
the U.S.

___

Pentagon: US airstrike targets Taliban leader Mullah Mansour

WASHINGTON (AP) - The U.S. targeted Taliban leader Mullah Mansour in an
airstrike Saturday near the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, the Defense Department
said, and a U.S. official said Mansour was believed to have been killed.

Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said the U.S. was still studying the results
of the attack, essentially leaving Mansour's fate uncertain.

But one U.S. official said Mansour and a second male combatant accompanying him
in a vehicle were probably killed. President Barack Obama authorized the attack,
which occurred on the Pakistani side of the border, and was briefed before and
after it was carried out, a White House aide said. Both officials spoke on
condition of anonymity and were not authorized to discuss the operation
publicly.

Mansour was chosen to head the Afghan Taliban last summer after the death
several years earlier of the organization's founder, Mullah Mohammad Omar,
became public. The Taliban is the most powerful insurgent group in the
war-ravaged country, where an estimated 11,000 civilians were killed or wounded
and 5,500 government troops and police officers died last year alone.

Cook said Mansour has been "actively involved with planning attacks" across
Afghanistan. He called Mansour "an obstacle to peace and reconciliation" between
the Taliban and the Afghan government who has barred top Taliban officials from
joining peace talks, which have produced few signs of progress.

___

Smoke, cockpit woes signal chaotic end for EgyptAir plane

CAIRO (AP) - Leaked flight data showing trouble in the cockpit and smoke in a
plane lavatory are bringing into focus the chaotic final moments of EgyptAir
Flight 804, including a three-minute period before contact was lost as alarms on
the Airbus 320 screeched one after another.

Officials caution it's still too early to say what happened to the aircraft -
France's foreign minister said Saturday that "all the hypotheses are being
examined" - but mounting evidence points to a sudden, dramatic catastrophe that
led to its crash into the eastern Mediterranean early Thursday.

The Egyptian military on Saturday released the first images of aircraft debris
plucked from the sea, including personal items and damaged seats. Egypt is
leading a multi-nation effort to search for the plane's black boxes - the flight
data and cockpit voice recorders - and other clues that could help explain its
sudden plunge into the sea.

"If they lost the aircraft within three minutes that's very, very quick," said
aviation security expert Philip Baum. "They were dealing with an extremely
serious incident."

Authorities say the plane lurched left, then right, spun all the way around and
plummeted 38,000 feet (11,582 meters) into the sea - never issuing a distress
call.

___

Clinton calls Trump's gun policies "dangerous"

FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - Donald Trump's gun policies are "not just way out
there" but "dangerous" and would make America less safe, Hillary Clinton said
Saturday.

"This is someone running to be president of the United States of America - a
country facing a gun violence epidemic - and he's talking about more guns in our
schools, he's talking about more hatred and division in our streets," the likely
Democratic presidential nominee said of her presumptive Republican rival.
"That's no way to keep us safe."

Clinton's criticism of the Trump came the day after he slammed her as "Heartless
Hillary" for backing restrictions on gun ownership in a speech before the
National Rifle Association convention in Louisville, Kentucky.

Clinton spoke at a conference organized by the Trayvon Martin Foundation to help
mothers whose children or other relatives have died from shootings. It was led
by Sybrina Fulton, whose 17-year-old son, Trayvon Martin, was fatally shot by
neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman in 2012. She has campaigned with
Clinton during the Democratic presidential primaries.

"The reason why I stand with her is because she first stood with me," Fulton
said before introducing Clinton to more than 200 people packed inside a hotel
banquet room.

___

Experts say perfect security is elusive at all airports

PARIS (AP) - Explosives in the form of paper, or concealed in a medicine-sized
bottle and looking like salt. Tiny electric detonators. Security agents at the
main airport in Paris are trained to detect all manner of increasingly
sophisticated devices that could doom a flight.

But the chilling reality is that security is ultimately fallible.

"The infinitely perfect does not exist," said Sylvain Prevost, who trains
airport personnel seeking the coveted red badge that allows them access to the
airport's restricted areas.

That is especially true when 85,000 people at Charles de Gaulle airport hold red
badges, which are good for three years, and many of them work for a host of
private companies. Add to the mix, concern over religious extremism in an age of
increasing radicalization that can transform people within months.

Airport authorities in France and elsewhere are painfully aware of the risks,
but hesitant to speculate as to whether an airport security lapse could have
contributed to Thursday's crash of EgyptAir Flight 804. The Airbus A320 took off
from Charles de Gaulle with 66 people on board before lurching wildly to the
left and right, spinning around and crashing into the eastern Mediterranean Sea,
according to officials.

___

Owners of Barbaro suffer another loss on Preakness day

BALTIMORE (AP) - Ten years after Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro tragically broke
down at the start of the Preakness, the owners of the popular colt watched
another horse they bred die during a race on a rainy Saturday at Pimlico Race
Course.

In a tragic start to a day that ended with Exaggerator upsetting Nyquist in the
141st Preakness Stakes, Gretchen and Roy Jackson's 4-year-old filly Pramedya
broke down during the fourth race on the Preakness undercard, and was euthanized
on the track. The filly's jockey, Daniel Centeno, broke his collarbone in the
spill that occurred on the turn of a race run over a wet turf course.

"It's ironic, right?" Roy Jackson told The Associated Press. "It was tough to
watch."

In the opening race of day, Homeboykris collapsed and died after winning and
having his picture taken in the winner's circle. Pimlico officials believe the
9-year-old gelding suffered cardiovascular collapse. The horse was being taken
to New Bolton Center in Pennsylvania for an autopsy - the same animal hospital
Barbaro was taken to after his break down.

Racing officials said Pramedya broke her left front cannon bone.

___

In swing state suburbs, white women are skeptical of Trump

WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP) - For Donald Trump to win the White House in November,
he'll need the votes of women like lifelong Republican Wendy Emery.

Yet the 52-year-old from the suburbs of Columbus, Ohio, is struggling with the
idea of voting for her party's presumptive presidential nominee.

"I'm just disappointed, really disappointed," she said while standing in her
arts and crafts shop. She and her circle of friends are "still in shock" over
Trump's success and wonder who's voting for him, "because we don't know any of
them."

Emery's negative impression of Trump was shared by most of the dozens of white,
suburban women from politically important states who were interviewed by The
Associated Press this spring. Their views are reflected in opinion polls, such
as a recent AP-GfK survey that found 70 percent of women have unfavorable
opinions of Trump.

Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign sees that staggering figure as a tantalizing
general election opening.

___

Dutch, Australian climbers die after reaching Everest summit

KATHMANDU, Nepal (AP) - A Dutch man and an Australian woman died of apparent
altitude sickness while descending from the summit of Mount Everest in the first
deaths this year on the world's highest mountain.

Eric Arnold, 35, had enough bottled oxygen with him, as well as climbing
partners, but he complained of getting weak and died Friday night near South Col
before he was able to get to a lower altitude, said Pasang Phurba of the Seven
Summit Treks agency in Kathmandu, Nepal.

Maria Strydom also showed signs of altitude sickness Saturday afternoon before
she died, Australian media reported. The business school at Monash University in
Melbourne posted on Facebook that the community was deeply saddened by her
death.

Their deaths were the first confirmed this year on Everest, where favorable
weather has allowed hundreds of climbers to reach the summit. The busy season
follows two years in which Everest was virtually empty due to disasters.

Phurba said more details were not available because of poor communications with
people on the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) mountain.

___

Iowa zoo expecting rare baby eastern black rhino this fall

DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - A zoo in Iowa is expecting a new and rare addition in
the fall: an eastern black rhinoceros.

Ayana and Kiano, eastern black rhinos at Blank Park Zoo in Des Moines, are
expecting a baby in late October or early November, the Des Moines Register
reported (http://dmreg.co/1WIFaov ). Ayana's pregnancy is the first confirmed
among the eastern black rhino zoo population in almost two years, experts say,
marking a major turning point in the species' decadeslong decline.

Listed as critically endangered by the World Wildlife Fund, Des Moines' rhinos
are two of just 46 eastern black rhinos in North American zoos, according to
leading zoological nonprofit organization Association of Zoos & Aquariums. Only
six of those 46 rhinos are breeding females.

"This is fantastic for us and for the rhino population," said Robyn Scanlon, a
large animal zookeeper who has been working with Ayana and Kiano for three
years.

In the wild, rhinos "are poached very, very frequently," Scanlon said. "Their
numbers have declined quite drastically over the past century, so having our own
baby and being able to contribute to that population is awesome."

___

No clothes? No beach. Court rules against Spanish naturists

MADRID (AP) - Nudists have lost a seven-year legal battle for access to a
popular tourist resort beach on Spain's southwestern tip.

The Supreme Court rejected an appeal by the Spanish Federation of Naturism
against local government legislation prohibiting nudists to use beaches within
the historic port city of Cadiz. The federation had argued that nudism could be
considered a fundamental right to freedom of ideology as defended by Spain's
constitution.

The court disagreed, saying in a ruling Friday that local authorities of Cadiz
had the power to "manage properly the use of its services, equipment,
infrastructure, facilities and public spaces." It said the federation had failed
to make a convincing case that nudism was "at this moment, an accepted practice
by the majority of beachgoers."

The ruling applies to the beaches that fringe the ancient city but nudists are
permitted to use a beach outside city limits.

The federation had argued that Cadiz's city council had tried to roll back "the
social progress" Spain had made in recent decades by allowing nude beachgoers to
be fined up to 750 euros ($840).

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 9:11 PM GMT

Trump adds Virgin Islands delegates; nomination within reach

BYLINE: By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 134 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump has added eight delegates from the U.S. Virgin
Islands, pulling him within 68 delegates of clinching the Republican nomination
for president.

John Canegata (can-eh-GAH-ta) is a Trump delegate. He is also chairman of the
U.S. territory's Republican Party.

Canegata says eight of the territory's nine delegates have pledged to support
Trump. The last one is uncommitted.

There is a dispute over which Republican delegates from the Virgin Islands will
be sent to the national convention. Six delegates elected at the territorial
convention in March were disqualified.

If the disqualified delegates press their case, the matter could ultimately be
decided by the credentials committee at the national convention.

Trump now has 1,169 delegates. It takes 1,237 to win the GOP nomination.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 7:27 PM GMT

In swing state suburbs, white women are skeptical of Trump

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW and JULIE PACE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words

DATELINE: WESTERVILLE, Ohio


WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP) - For Donald Trump to win the White House in November,
he'll need the votes of women like Elizabeth Andrus.

Yet Andrus, a registered Republican from Delaware, Ohio, sees "buffoonery" in
the presumptive Republican nominee and says "I am not on the Trump train." With
all the trouble in the world, she went on, "you just don't want Donald Trump as
president."

Her negative impression of Trump was shared by most of the dozens of white,
suburban women from politically important states who were interviewed by The
Associated Press this spring. Their views are reflected in opinion polls, such
as a recent AP-GfK survey that found 70 percent of women have unfavorable
opinions of Trump.

Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign sees that staggering figure as a tantalizing
general election opening.

While white voters continue to abandon the Democratic Party, small gains with
white women could help put likely nominee Clinton over the top if the November
election is close. Democrats believe these women could open up opportunities for
Clinton in North Carolina, where President Barack Obama struggled with white
voters in his narrow loss in the state 2012, and even in Georgia, a Republican
stronghold that Democrats hope to make competitive.

Patty Funderburg of Charlotte, North Carolina, voted for Republican Mitt Romney
in 2012, but says she's already convinced that Trump won't get her vote.

"He's not who I'd want to represent our country," said Funderburg, a 54-year-old
mother of three.

Trump insists he's "going to do great with women." He's also said he will link
Clinton aggressively to past indiscretions with women by her husband, former
President Bill Clinton.

He made good on that pledge Monday, releasing an online video featuring a photo
of the former president with a cigar in his mouth and statements that appear to
come from women who have accused Clinton of sexual assault. Trump sent the video
from his Twitter account with the message, "Is Hillary really protecting women?"

The businessman also has previewed an argument focused on national security,
with echoes of the pitch that President George W. Bush successfully made to
white suburban women during his 2004 re-election.

"Women want, above all else, they want security," Trump told The Associated
Press recently. "They want to have a strong military, they want to have strong
borders. They don't want crime." He said "Hillary is viewed poorly on that."

Not so in the AP-GfK poll. About 40 percent of women surveyed said Clinton would
be best at protecting the country and handling the threat posed by the Islamic
State group, and about 30 percent said Trump.

Throughout the primary, Clinton has talked about policies meant to appeal to
women: equal pay, expanded child care, paid family and medical leave and more.

And Trump has his own complicated past regarding women and has faced criticism
for his actions both in his personal life and at his businesses toward them.
He's vigorously defended his treatment of women, as has his daughter Ivanka
Trump, who said her father "has total respect for women."

A super political action committee backing Clinton has released its first
television advertisements featuring Trump's contentious statements about women.

"Does Donald Trump really speak for you?" the super PAC ad asks.

For many of the women interviewed, the answer appears to be no.

Andrus, a Republican who nevertheless voted twice for Obama, praised Trump's
political skills and argued his business career indicates an intellect and
ability that could benefit the nation.

But his temperament, she said, is somewhere between "buffoonery" and "complete
narcissism."

"It would be like having Putin for president," she added, referring to Russia's
sometimes belligerent president, Vladimir Putin.

Erin Freedman, a 38-year-old from Reston, Virginia, said Trump scares her. While
she's an enthusiastic backer of Clinton's primary rival, Bernie Sanders, she
said she'd have no problem backing the former secretary of state against Trump
in a general election.

Even some reluctant Trump supporters say they want him to dial back the
braggadocio and caustic insults, and engage people more seriously.

"He's the nominee, so I'll vote for him," said Renee Herman, a 45-year-old from
Sunbury, Ohio, who preferred retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and her home-state
governor, John Kasich, in the GOP primary field. "But it's time we get past all
this showmanship and hear from him what he actually wants to do and his plans
for how to do it."

Trump's best opening is that Clinton, who is on the cusp of clinching her
party's nomination, would enter the November race with a majority of Americans
taking a dim view of her candidacy. Fifty-five percent have a negative view of
Clinton, including 53 percent of women, in the AP-GfK poll.

"Anybody but Hillary," said Carolyn Owen, a 64-year-old educator from Clayton,
North Carolina, near Raleigh. She said Trump wasn't her first choice, "but it's
better than the alternative."

While Obama won the support of women overall in his two White House campaigns,
white women have increasingly been shifting toward the Republican Party in
recent elections. Obama only won 42 percent of white women in 2012. Romney won
56 percent of white women, more than Bush and the party's 2008 nominee, Sen.
John McCain.

Clinton's hopes will largely hinge on replicating Obama's coalition of blacks,
Hispanics and young people. In both of his elections, Obama earned
near-unanimous support from black women, while drawing the votes of roughly 7 in
10 Hispanic women. But she would have more room for error with those groups if
she can increase Democrats' share of white women.

Another potentially favorable scenario for Clinton involves Republican and
independent women who can't stomach a vote for Trump but also don't want to vote
for a Democrat. Maybe they simply stay home, keeping the GOP nominee's vote
totals down.

For Angee Stephens of Indianola, Iowa, that seems to be the only option at this
point. She's wary of Clinton's use of a private email server while she was
secretary of state, which is the subject of an FBI investigation, and her past
political decisions. But "Trump sort of scares me," Stephens said.

In Georgia, Trump supporter Sue Everhart said she talks regularly with suburban
Republican women struggling with whether to vote for Trump, and said some cite
his boorishness. The former state party chairwoman said she tries to bring the
conversation back to Clinton and remind Republicans "who we are running
against."

As for Trump's penchant for controversial statements about women, Everhart said,
"I learned a long time ago that most any man over 50 in this party, they like
you as long as you're making the cookies."

"I should probably be offended," she added. "But I'm not."

___

Pace reported from Raleigh, North Carolina. Associated Press writer Catherine
Lucey in Iowa and AP News Survey Specialist Emily Swanson in Washington
contributed to this report.

___

On Twitter follow Barrow at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Pace at
https://twitter.com/JPaceDC .

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 7:21 PM GMT

Trump meets with Sen. Corker in New York

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump met
with Bob Corker in New York on Monday, intensifying speculation that the U.S.
senator from Tennessee may be on Trump's vice presidential shortlist.

Speaking to reporters following the meeting, Corker described the get-together
at Trump Tower in Manhattan as "a meeting between two people who didn't know
each other except over phone calls getting to know each other."

He said he has no reason to believe he's being vetted as a potential Trump
running mate or for a Cabinet position should Trump win the general election.

"I have no reason whatsoever to believe I am being considered for a position
like that," Corker told reporters who pressed him about various possible
positions.

Corker is currently the chairman of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations. He also serves on the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and
Urban Affairs.

In a statement, Corker's chief of staff Todd Womack said the pair had "had a
good meeting...in which they engaged in a wide-ranging policy discussion."

Corker praised a high-profile foreign policy speech that Trump delivered in
Washington last month, saying in a statement that "in a year where angry
rhetoric has defined the presidential race on both sides of the aisle, it is my
hope that candidates in both parties will begin focusing not only on the
problems we face but on solutions." He said he believed the speech "could be an
important step in that direction."

A Trump campaign spokeswoman did not immediately responded to a request for
comment on the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 5:36 PM GMT

Trump proposes wall to protect golf resort from rising seas

BYLINE: By MICHAEL BIESECKER, Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump wants to build another huge wall, this time to
keep out the rising seas threatening to swamp his luxury golf resort in Ireland.

The Republican presidential candidate has called climate change a "con job" and
a "hoax." But in an application filed this month in County Clare, Ireland, the
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel cites the threat of global warming in
seeking a permit to build a nearly two-mile-long stone wall between it and the
Atlantic Ocean. The beach in front of the 18th green is disappearing at a rate
of about a yard each year.

Trump's application, first reported Monday by Politico, cites local regulations
pertaining to "rising sea levels and increased storm frequency and wave energy
associated with global warming." An attached environmental impact statement says
that almost all the dunes in western Ireland are retreating "due to sea level
rise and increased Atlantic storminess."

Trump campaign spokesman Alan Garten did not respond Monday to messages from The
Associated Press seeking comment.

Trump, who has roiled the immigration debate by proposing to build a massive
wall along the Mexican border, has repeatedly taken to Twitter to express
skepticism that human activity is causing the world to warm, raising sea levels
as the polar ice caps melt. He has also said he would seek to "renegotiate" the
global accord to cut climate-warming carbon emissions agreed to by President
Barack Obama in December.

"The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to
make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive," Trump tweeted in 2012.

"The entire country is FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global
warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high," Trump tweeted in 2014.

Environmental groups pounced on the application as evidence of hypocrisy.

"Donald Trump clearly cares more about the fate of his golf courses than the
health of the millions of families already affected by the climate crisis," said
Adam Beitman, a spokesman for the Sierra Club.

___

Associated Press writer Shawn Pogatchnik contributed from Dublin, Ireland.

___

Follow Michael Biesecker on Twitter at https://twitter.com/mbieseck

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 5:02 PM GMT

Most House GOP women in tough races biding time on Trump

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 863 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Before deciding if she'll vote for Donald Trump, Martha
McSally says she'll spend time "determining what kind of man he is." Mia Love
says some comments by the presumptive Republican presidential candidate need
"some sort of explanation," while Renee Ellmers backs him because he's "a
problem solver."

McSally, Love and Ellmers are not women interviewed randomly on the street.
They're Republican members of the House, among five GOP congresswomen facing
competitive re-election races whose reactions highlight the hard choices Trump's
provocative statements are forcing on his own party.

Each of the five must confront a question with political and personal
implications: Will you support your party's standard-bearer, knowing his history
of comments about women that many consider offensive? Trump has called some
women a "dog," a "fat pig" or "flat-chested," republished a tweet dubbing Fox
News anchor Megyn Kelly a "bimbo" and accused likely Democratic presidential
nominee Hillary Clinton of using "the woman's card" to win votes.

"I think it puts all women in an awkward position," Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Mo.,
whose seat is safe and is a leader of the House GOP campaign committee, said of
Trump's impact on female Republican lawmakers. "And I want to see that tone and
temperament changed."

Trump, of course, is causing angst across the GOP.

House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., has withheld his endorsement, citing questions
about policy and party unity while giving cover to hesitant rank-and-file
Republicans. Male congressional Republicans in difficult races and women in
secure seats are also distancing themselves.

Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash., the House's top-ranking GOP woman, said
last week she is voting for Trump though "not exactly" with enthusiasm and
"vehemently" opposes his remarks about women, the disabled and others.

For the five GOP women fighting to preserve their House careers, the perils are
obvious. Rejecting Trump could alienate his energized supporters, jeopardizing
needed votes. Embracing him might cost support from women, Hispanics and others
he's angered with incendiary comments and invite criticism for backing a man who
has repeatedly insulted their own gender.

"They're going to have to do some deep soul-searching and really think about,
'Is Donald Trump's Republican Party a party they feel comfortable in?'" said
Alixandria Lapp, executive director of the House Majority PAC, which backs
Democrats in House campaigns.

Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said rather than diminishing female
support for GOP congressional candidates, Trump will increase voter turnout and
said a bigger factor will be Clinton's unpopularity among men. He said there is
a "complete misconception" that Trump faces problems with women, citing the
billionaire businessman's hiring of women over the years and his "security at
home" campaign theme.

"Whether you're a male or a female, what you want is, you want families to be
safe. That is first and foremost," Lewandowski said in an interview.

A New York Times-CBS News poll last week showed Clinton leading Trump by 17
percentage points among women and trailing among men by 5 points.

Most of the five GOP women in close races have been cautious when discussing
Trump, instead emphasizing their focus on their district's needs and Clinton's
vulnerabilities as a candidate.

"I don't want to talk about that," McSally said last week about Trump, saying
she and her staff are "working our butts off" for her swing district around
Tucson, Arizona. Her campaign provided a written statement saying she respects
"the will of voters" but citing "concerns" about Trump's statements about women.

"I'll spend the next six months if needed watching closely, learning more about
him and determining what kind of man he is before I decide whether to give him
my vote," it said.

Rep. Elise Stefanik, representing a huge chunk of upstate New York, didn't agree
to be interviewed but referenced a terse statement she'd provided to the Albany
Times Union saying she'll "support my party's nominee" - without naming Trump.

Questioned about Trump, Rep. Barbara Comstock kept walking but said she has a
record of "leading for women" in her Virginia district outside Washington, D.C.
She steered a reporter to a previous comment to The Washington Post that Trump
"needs to earn the votes of me and many others."

In a telephone interview, Love - who represents Utah, where support for Trump
has been tepid - said anyone's offensive comment "deserves some sort of
explanation." She said she's not endorsed Trump and wouldn't want him
campaigning with her.

"I am not Donald Trump. And Donald Trump is not Utah," she said.

Ellmers is the outlier, openly endorsing Trump. She is locked in a difficult
June GOP primary against fellow incumbent Rep. George Holding and said Trump's
remarks about women won't hurt her.

"Women are forward thinking and they don't care what's happened in the past.
They see him as a leader, as a problem solver," she said in an interview.

Asked if she felt a need for soul searching, Ellmers said, "Some of the worst,
most heinous comments I have ever received have come from fellow women, and
men."

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 3:30 PM GMT

Correction: Campaign 2016-Foreign Hacking story

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 1000 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In a story May 18 about possible foreign hacking into
presidential campaigns, The Associated Press used the wrong configuration for
the name of the chief executive officer of PKWARE. His name is V. Miller Newton,
not V. Newton Miller.

A corrected version of the story is below:

US intelligence: Foreign hackers spying on campaigns

The nation's top intelligence official says his agencies are working with major
presidential campaigns to harden their computer networks against hackers who are
presumably working for foreign governments

By DEB RIECHMANN

Associated Press

WASHINGTON (AP) - The United States sees evidence of hackers, possibly working
for foreign governments, snooping on the presidential candidates, the nation's
intelligence chief said Wednesday. Government officials are assisting the
campaigns to tighten security as the race for the White House intensifies.

The activity follows the pattern set in the last two presidential elections.
Hacking was rampant in 2008, according to U.S. intelligence officials, and both
President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney were targets of Chinese cyberattacks four
years later. Nevertheless, cyber experts say Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's
campaign networks aren't secure enough to eliminate the risk.

"We've already had some indications" of hacking, James Clapper, director of
national intelligence, said Wednesday at the Bipartisan Policy Center in
Washington. He said the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security were helping
educate the campaigns.

Of the attacks, Clapper predicted, "we'll probably have more."

The revelation comes after Clapper's office released a document this month
saying foreign intelligence services tracked the 2008 presidential election
cycle "like no other." The document was in a slide show used to warn incoming
Obama administration officials that their new jobs could make them prey for
spies.

Eight years ago, foreign intelligence services "met with campaign contacts and
staff, used human source networks for policy insights, exploited technology to
get otherwise sensitive data, engaged in perception management to influence
policy," it said. "This exceeded traditional lobbying and public diplomacy."

Jonathan Lampe with InfoSec Institute, a private information security company in
Chicago, said security hasn't improved significantly since then.

In October, he evaluated the security of 16 candidates' websites and wrote a
pair of reports. Using the reconnaissance skills of a casual hacker, Lampe
pulled full lists of site user names and technologies used on most sites. In
some cases, he discovered which directories were accessible from the Internet
and which weren't. He learned the software products Clinton's campaign used from
a job posting soliciting a computer-wise staffer.

"Everybody was sitting with their pants down and by the time we looked at the
sites in March, everybody had made fixes," Lampe said.

But countries are probably still snooping, he said: "The sites were open enough
back in October that anyone who grabbed the information then and wanted to use
it, could still use it now."

Some threats are publicly known.

The international group of activists and hackers known as Anonymous has declared
cyberwar on Donald Trump, urging supporters to take down his website and expose
private information. Weeks ago, a masked figure appeared on YouTube, saying,
"Dear Donald Trump, we have been watching you for a long time and what we see is
deeply disturbing."

The New York billionaire probably has the largest "attack surface" of the
candidates, said John Dickson of the Denim Group, a San Antonio developer of
secure software. "If it's the Bernie Sanders campaign, it's probably one
website. If it's Donald Trump, it's his entire empire."

Dickson and other experts said they weren't privy to any incidents of foreign
hacking of the campaigns. But as the political conventions and general election
near, they worry about a well-timed, sophisticated attack by a government to
help a candidate.

"Think of the Chinese. Think of the Iranians. They have the intelligence
capabilities, obviously, and maybe even the desire to disrupt elections,"
Dickson said.

At the least, he said it must be taken for granted that foreign governments are
trying to learn more about the candidates. "You would hope that the CIA is doing
the same thing," he said. Indeed, the U.S. spies on allies and adversaries for
political and commercial information.

The Clinton and Trump campaigns didn't respond to questions about cybersecurity.

Dickson said the campaigns focused more on computer security because of the
investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of
state, and a breach of voter data at the Democratic National Committee. Last
year, Sanders apologized after his campaign improperly gained access to the
campaign data of his Democratic rival, and he fired a data director.

V. Miller Newton, chief executive officer of Milwaukee-based PKWARE, which
provides encryption software and advises federal agencies on data security, said
foreign spying on campaign sites was inevitable.

"These campaigns are not working on encrypted platforms," he said. "It's a
matter of when and how serious of an impact it is going to have on this
election."

Foreign hackers are more interested in sensitive, revealing emails and reports,
especially with the unprecedented mudslinging of this campaign, rather than acts
of cyber vandalism, Miller and other experts said.

"If they shut down a candidate's website," Miller said, "so what? It impacts
fundraising for 24 to 48 hours."

Hackers sabotaged a website for Romney's presidential campaign for a few hours
in 2012, costing the campaign potential donations.

In the 2008 race, Obama and the Republican candidate, Sen. John McCain, were
targeted.

One letter obtained by hackers showed McCain expressing support for Taiwan.
China's government presumably backed the hack. A Chinese diplomat called the
campaign to complain about the letter - before it was even sent.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 8:17 AM GMT

Wild US election fascinates, worries Iran after nuclear deal

BYLINE: By NASSER KARIMI, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: TEHRAN, Iran


TEHRAN, Iran (AP) - After decades of officially-imposed detachment from the
"Great Satan," Iranians are this time transfixed by the wild U.S. presidential
campaign, mindful that the next White House occupant could have direct impact on
their lives.

At the heart of the matter is last year's deal with world powers, which eased
the country's isolation and removed many economic sanctions in exchange for a
curtailing of the Iran's nuclear program. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald
Trump has bitterly criticized the accord, which is rather popular here, and says
he would rework it.

Iran and America have not restored the official diplomatic ties that were cut
after the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. But the high stakes
- combined with Iranian state media's renewed attention to news from the West -
have made the election the talk of barbershops, living rooms and street corners.

"It reminds me of fighting between heavyweight boxers for a championship - with
a lot of boasting," said Reza Piltan, an electrical engineer who has been
following the campaign.

Although there are no polls about Iranians' views on the U.S. presidential
campaign, there is a sense of apprehension regarding Trump, even though some
consider his criticism mostly bluster. There are also concerns about Democratic
front-runner Hillary Clinton, who many consider to have struck a relatively hard
line on Iran during her time as Secretary of State.

State television, which paid scant attention to previous U.S. presidential
campaigns before last year's nuclear accord, has closely followed the race. Its
main focus is also the potential impact on the nuclear deal.

The station makes a point of airing comments by Democratic candidate Bernie
Sanders, the senator from Vermont, focusing on racial injustice and social
inequality. That taps into a narrative often advanced by Iran's Supreme Leader
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who in 2011 predicted the Occupy Wall Street protests
would "thrive to the extent that the capitalist system of America and the West
will be completely razed to the ground," according to his website.

Trimming a customer's hair, barber Hossein Pourebrahim said he wanted Trump to
win - but out of enmity to the United States. "He's destroying America while not
listening to anybody that could change his mind," Pourebrahim cheerily
calculated.

In Tehran's Revolution Square, popular with book-lovers, a book co-authored by
Trump has been available for years. Merchants blame declining sales on Trump's
criticism of the nuclear deal. Copies of Clinton's book "Hard Choices" also sit
on display.

Fayyaz Zahed, a Tehran-based political analyst, warns that a Trump victory would
be "disastrous" and would embolden nationalists in both countries.

Iranians "may turn to a military, extremist and hard-line figure" in their own
2017 presidential elections, Fayyaz told Arya, a conservative news website. It
would work against Iran's current President Hassan Rouhani, a relative moderate
whose administration championed the nuclear deal.

Ali Khorram, a former Iranian envoy to the United Nations, wrote in the
pro-reform daily newspaper Etemad that Trump would "not have the same positive
and good will that President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry have
toward Iran and the deal."

But others see more complex dynamics at play. Nasser Hadian, a professor of
international relations at Tehran University, argued that Trump would actually
be more amenable than Clinton.

"Trump will remain loyal to the deal since he is a businessman and businessmen
do not violate contracts unilaterally," Hadian said in an interview with
pro-reform newspaper Shargh. Also, he argued, Trump "lacks the international
legitimacy to impose sanctions on Iran or to violate the deal."

Morteza Amani, strolling the streets of Tehran with two teenage children,
expected that a President Trump would "continue to surprise" and actually make
relations with Iran "better than ever ... He is criticizing Iran only for
collecting votes."

Iranian officials have refrained from comment on the race and are sticking to
the position that opponents of the nuclear deal are influenced by longtime foe
Israel.

Meanwhile, Iran has conducted ballistic missile tests criticized by the U.S.,
briefly captured 10 American sailors and carried out other naval maneuvers
criticized by the U.S. in the Persian Gulf in recent months.

A key factor is the persistent suspicion among official circles here that
Washington has never truly accepted Iran's clerical system and is constantly
seeking to replace it with a more Western-style democracy.

"The U.S. paved the ground for the collapse of the Soviet Union, step by step,"
noted cleric Ali Saeedi, a leading hard-liner, according to a report on the
official Revolutionary Guard website. Although it is not the official U.S.
position at present, Saeedi maintained that U.S. policy is still "aimed at
toppling the Islamic Republic."

___

Follow Nasser Karimi on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ncarrimi. His work can be
found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/nasser-karimi.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 153 words


"Peace is what we want. Mansour was a threat to that effort. He also was
directly opposed to peace negotiations and to the reconciliation process. It is
time for Afghans to stop fighting and to start building a real future together."
- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry after the killing of Afghan Taliban leader
Mullah Mohammed Akhtar Mansour in a U.S. drone strike.

___

"He was the president of the United States when certain things happened. My
stuff is nothing when you take a look, in terms of a comparison." - Donald
Trump, drawing a distinction between his own personal history, which includes
three marriages and public admissions of infidelity, with that of former
President Bill Clinton.

___

"I'm so sorry. I'm sorry for crying. I want to be so strong for my family and
kids ... I don't want to cry in front of you." - Celine Dion to son Rene-Charles
Angelil after he presented her with the Billboard icon award.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1931 words


Afghan leaders see Taliban leader's death as hopeful sign

KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) - The killing of Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed
Akhtar Mansour in a U.S. drone strike was greeted Sunday by Kabul's political
leadership as a game-changer in efforts to end the long insurgent war plaguing
Afghanistan.

In a rare show of unity, President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Abdullah
Abdullah both welcomed the news of Mansour's death as the removal of a man who
unleashed violence against innocent civilians in Afghanistan and was widely
regarded as an obstacle to peace within the militant group.

Mansour, believed to be in his 50s, was killed when a U.S. drone fired on his
vehicle in the southwestern Pakistan province of Baluchistan, although there
were conflicting accounts whether the airstrike occurred Friday or Saturday. He
had emerged as the successor to Taliban founder Mullah Mohammad Omar, whose 2013
death was only revealed last summer.

Mansour "engaged in deception, concealment of facts, drug-smuggling and
terrorism while intimidating, maiming and killing innocent Afghans," Ghani said
in a statement on his official Twitter account.

"A new opportunity presents itself to those Taliban who are willing to end war
and bloodshed," he added.

___

Iraq launches operation to retake IS-held city of Fallujah

BAGHDAD (AP) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced the beginning of
military operations to retake the Islamic State-held held city of Fallujah, west
of Baghdad, in a televised address on Sunday night.

Iraqi forces are "approaching a moment of great victory" against the Islamic
State group, said al-Abadi, who was surrounded by top military commanders from
the Ministry of Defense and the country's elite counterterrorism forces.

However, Iraqi forces are expected to face a complicated fight to push IS out of
Fallujah, which is about 40 miles (65 kilometers) west of Baghdad, and has been
under the militants' control for more than two years.

Asked about the Iraqi announcement on plans to retake Falliujah, the U.S. State
Department and the Pentagon did not immediately comment.

During the Iraq War, Fallujah was an insurgent stronghold and the site of the
bloodiest battle of the Iraq War. In November 2004, U.S. forces led a coalition
attack against several thousand insurgents in Fallujah in which thousands of
buildings were destroyed in house-to-house fighting. More than 80 U.S. troops
were killed along with an estimated 2,000 insurgents.

___

10 Things to Know for Monday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Monday:

1. WHY TALIBAN LEADER'S DEATH IS SEEN AS HOPEFUL SIGN

Some view the killing of Mullah Mohammed Akhtar Mansour as a game-changer in
efforts to end the long insurgent war plaguing Afghanistan.

2. WHAT OBAMA LOOKS TO ACCOMPLISH IN ASIA

The president arrives in Vietnam intent on building stronger economic and
security ties with Asian-Pacific allies nervous about the rise of China.

___

Peace Corps coming to Vietnam for first time

HANOI, Vietnam (AP) - The Peace Corps is at last coming to Vietnam.

President Barack Obama is expected to announce Monday during his visit to
Vietnam that the Peace Corps will be invited to establish operations in that
country, the volunteer organization said.

The volunteers will focus on teaching English to students, and training
Vietnamese colleagues to teach English.

It's a striking turnaround from the years when some young men joined the Peace
Corps in an effort to avoid serving in the military during the Vietnam conflict.

The Peace Corps has been working on gaining entry to Vietnam for years. In 2012,
then-Peace Corps Director Aaron Williams made a three-day visit to the country
to explore the possibility of an invitation to establish a program there.

___

Egypt sends submarine to hunt for crashed jet's black boxes

CAIRO (AP) - Egypt sent a submarine Sunday to join the hunt for the flight
recorders from the EgyptAir jetliner that crashed in the Mediterranean and
killed all 66 people aboard, while hundreds of Coptic Christian mourners filled
a church in Cairo to pray for their relatives among the dead.

Mounting evidence pointed to a sudden and dramatic catastrophe that led to
Thursday's crash of Flight 804 from Paris to Cairo, although Egyptian President
Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi said it "will take time" to establish what happened aboard
the Airbus A320.

In his first public comments since the crash, el-Sissi cautioned against
premature speculation.

"It is very, very important to us to establish the circumstances that led to the
crash of that aircraft," el-Sissi said in remarks broadcast live on Egyptian TV.
"There is not one scenario that we can exclusively subscribe to. ... All
scenarios are possible."

A submarine belonging to the Oil Ministry was headed to the site about 180 miles
(290 kilometers) north of the Egyptian port of Alexandria to join the search,
el-Sissi said. The vessel can operate at a depth of 3,000 meters (9,800 feet),
he said.

___

Clinton shrugs, sees benefits in Trump's personal attacks

WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton has a message for Donald Trump: keep on
talking.

She's just weeks away from wrapping up the Democratic presidential nomination,
and friends, aides and supporters describe a candidate who isn't particularly
rattled by what she expects will be Trump's increasingly direct attacks on her
marriage and husband's personal indiscretions.

In fact, Clinton believes that she can turn Trump's deeply personal assaults to
her benefit, they say, particularly among suburban women who could be crucial to
her hopes in the fall. Her plan is never to engage in any back-and-forth over
the scandals. Instead, she'll merely cast him as a bully and talk about policy.

"I don't care what he says about me, but I do resent what he says about other
people, other successful women, who have worked hard, who have done their part,"
she told an audience in Louisville, Kentucky, this month.

Trump has made clear that nothing is off-limits. He described one of the
allegations of past sexual misconduct involving Bill Clinton as a rape.

___

Clinton, Sanders duel over Latino vote in California

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Bernie Sanders' image gazes out from a corner storefront in
Boyle Heights, a Hispanic enclave known for its plump burritos and a plaza where
mariachis strum guitars. It's here that his campaign is going house to house to
cut into Hillary Clinton's advantage with Latino voters.

The oversized painting of the silver-haired Sanders was created by local
artists. Perched in a front window, it's a centerpiece in an art
gallery-turned-unofficial campaign office, where owner Mercedes Hart displays an
array of T-shirts, lapel buttons - even pink underwear - bearing the Vermont
senator's name.

Out front, Sanders campaign workers have set up a table to register voters and
organize volunteers, who will go out to knock on doors and stuff mailboxes with
campaign literature.

"I don't ever feel like I believe politicians, but I believe him," says Hart,
35, who lived for years in Mexico. Like many Sanders' devotees, she is a
first-time voter, taken up by his concern for workaday Americans in an economy
divided by haves and have-nots.

Visitors to her gallery are greeted by a sign above the door featuring a
clenched fist and the slogan "Viva Bernie." It's just one snapshot of the tough
Democratic presidential campaign playing out in the nation's largest state
before the June 7 primary, even as Clinton appears to have a near-lock on the
nomination.

___

Boycott over LGBT law impacts more than just the music fans

GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) - Stagehand Kery Eller doesn't own any Bruce Springsteen
albums, but he would smash them if he did.

Eller says he expected to earn at least $3,000 working the sold-out Springsteen
concert and other high-profile shows around the state before artists canceled
the events in protest over North Carolina's new LGBT law.

Eller and about 100 members of the local union of the International Alliance of
Theatrical Stage Employees are among the many workers and businesses caught in
the crossfire of the national debate over LGBT rights and feeling the economic
shockwaves from the growing number of canceled shows. Hotels, restaurants, bars
and even community groups who work arena concession stands say they are
suffering from the boycott.

"It's my livelihood; it's where I make my money," Eller said. "It's not just
hurting the entertainment industry. It's hurting our state overall, period. And
I'm not talking politically at all."

The wide-reaching law that directs transgender people to use the public bathroom
that aligns with the sex on their birth certificate was signed by Republican
Gov. Pat McCrory in March. Since then, Pearl Jam, violinist Itzhak Perlman,
Ringo Starr and Cirque Du Soleil have canceled. On Friday, the pop group Maroon
5 became the latest entertainer to decide to skip the state. Other acts
performed but donated proceeds from their shows to groups fighting the law.

___

Celine Dion, Kesha give emotional performances at Billboard

Celine Dion and Kesha, both in the midst of drama in their personal lives, gave
emotional performances at the 2016 Billboard Music Awards on Sunday.

Dion sang Queen's "The Show Must Go On" in strong form Sunday, sporting a shiny
dress and backed by a powerful orchestra. Dion lost her husband and brother in
the same week in January, and her son presented her with the Billboard icon
award after her performance.

"I'm so sorry. I'm sorry for crying. I want to be so strong for my family and
kids ... I don't want to cry in front of you," a teary Dion said to Rene-Charles
Angelil. "Thank you very much ...This is such a tremendous honor ... Music has
been my passion since before I can almost remember."

Dion said her late husband Rene Angelil will "continue to watch over me from up
above."

Kesha sang a heart-wrenching cover of Bob Dylan's "It Ain't Me Babe" at the
T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. She stood still in a cream suit and was backed by a
pianist and violinist, hitting all the right notes and growing teary-eyed near
the end.

___

Police, soldiers swarm Mexico's Acapulco, killings continue

ACAPULCO, Mexico (AP) - Along with beach towels or sandals, there's a new
popular beach accessory that says a lot about the violence gripping this
once-glamorous resort: a small black leather tote hanging from the neck or
shoulders of some men. It's not a man-bag, exactly; it holds a small pistol.

"When I saw you guys standing outside my office, I almost went for my bag," said
one businessman who lives in terror after getting death threats and extortion
demands by criminal gangs at his office four blocks from the water. "I'm in fear
for my life."

Death can strike anywhere in Acapulco these days: A sarong vendor was slain on
the beach in January by a gunman who escaped on a Jet Ski. Another man was
gunned down while enjoying a beer at a seaside restaurant. In the hillside slums
that ring the city, a 15-year-old girl's body was found chopped into pieces and
wrapped in a blanket, her severed head in a bucket nearby with a hand-lettered
sign from a drug gang.

The upsurge in killings has made Acapulco one of Mexico's most violent places,
scaring away what international tourism remained and recently prompting the U.S.
government to bar its employees from traveling here for any reason.

In response, Mexico has lined the city's coastal boulevard with heavily armed
police and soldiers, turning Acapulco into a high-profile test case for a
security strategy that the government has used elsewhere: When homicides spike,
flood the area with troops.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 2:57 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Monday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 350 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Monday:

1. WHY TALIBAN LEADER'S DEATH IS SEEN AS HOPEFUL SIGN

Some view the killing of Mullah Mohammed Akhtar Mansour as a game-changer in
efforts to end the long insurgent war plaguing Afghanistan.

2. WHAT OBAMA LOOKS TO ACCOMPLISH IN ASIA

The president arrives in Vietnam intent on building stronger economic and
security ties with Asian-Pacific allies nervous about the rise of China.

3. IRAQ LAUNCHES OPERATION TO RETAKE IS-HELD CITY OF FALLUJAH

Iraqi forces are "approaching a moment of great victory" against the extremist
group, Prime Minister al-Abadi says announcing the move.

4. CLINTON SHRUGS TRUMP'S PERSONAL ATTACKS

"I don't care what he says about me, but I do resent what he says about other
people, other successful women, who have worked hard, who have done their part,"
she says.

5. EGYPT SENDS SUBMARINE TO HUNT FOR CRASHED JET'S BLACK BOXES

Meanwhile, hundreds of Coptic Christian mourners fill a church in Cairo to pray
for their relatives among the dead.

6. FIRST BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARD GOES TO THE WEEKND

The night's top nominee dedicates it to Prince, saying that the music legend
will always be an inspiration for him.

7. ABSENTEE BALLOT COUNT TO DECIDE AUSTRIAN ELECTION

The presidential polls are too close to call a winner between a right-wing
politician and a challenger whose views stand in stark opposition to his rival's
anti-immigrant and Eurosceptic message.

8. VERDICT EXPECTED MONDAY IN FREDDIE GRAY-OFFICER TRIAL

Prosecutors say Edward Nero unlawfully arrested Gray without probable cause and
was negligent when he didn't buckle the prisoner into a seat belt.

9. SONYA SOTOMAYOR'S ADVICE FOR GRADUATES

The U.S. Supreme Court Justice advises the class of 2016 at the University of
Rhode Island to hold onto the memories they've created and learn from their
mistakes.

10. WHO WINS PALME D'OR AT CANNES

British director Ken Loach receives his second award at the Cannes Film Festival
for "I, Daniel Blake" - a portrayal of a disabled man's struggle with the
crushing benefits system in England.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 24, 2016 Tuesday 10:21 PM GMT

Stephen King among writers signing Trump protest letter

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 119 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Some of the country's top writers are protesting Donald Trump's
way with words.

Stephen King, Junot Diaz and Jennifer Egan are among more than 400 authors who
added their names this week to an online letter that condemns the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee for his "appeals to the basest and most violent
elements in society."

The petition "unequivocally" opposes Trump's election. Others supporting it
include Amy Tan, Cheryl Strayed, Michael Chabon and "Lemony Snicket" author
Daniel Handler.

The letter does not include an endorsement of either of the two Democratic
candidates, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton or Sen. Bernie Sanders of
Vermont.

___

Online:

http://www.ipetitions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 9:15 PM GMT

In final drive, Obama seeks better relations with US foes

BYLINE: By JOSH LEDERMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 928 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In his final stretch as president, Barack Obama is driving the
United States toward friendlier relations with longstanding adversaries, working
to consign bitter enmities with Vietnam, Iran, Cuba and Myanmar to the history
books.

Though the reconciliations have been years in the making, Obama hopes he can
prove the benefits of his softer approach before he hands control to an
uncertain successor in January. Defiant cries of naiveté by his opponents have
only strengthened his conviction that the U.S. must release itself from an
us-versus-them mentality forged during wars that ended decades ago.

The quest for resolution was on display this week in Hanoi, where Obama lifted
an arms sales embargo that had stood as one of the last remnants of the Vietnam
War and the deep freeze that persisted until the two nations restored relations
in 1995.

Obama's next gesture will come Friday in Hiroshima, Japan, where he'll become
the first sitting president to visit the site where the U.S. dropped the first
atomic bomb - helping end World War II but sowing resentments. Seven decades
later, those have mostly fallen away. Though his move has rankled some U.S.
veterans and some Japanese, Obama's visit will be a powerful reminder of the
intimate alliance between two nations that now view China more warily than they
do each other.

Speaking to the Vietnamese people Tuesday, Obama dismissed calls for keeping the
communist-run country at a distance, the stance of those fecklessly nursing
long-forgotten rivalries. He noted that he's the first president to come of age
after the war, telling his young audience that his own daughters had grown up
knowing only peace between the U.S. and Vietnam.

"When the last U.S. forces left Vietnam, I was just 13 years old," Obama said.
"So I come here mindful of the past, mindful of our difficult history, but
focused on the future: the prosperity, security and human dignity that we can
advance together."

For Obama, the belief that his youth uniquely positions him to turn the page
took root long before he was elected president. In his 2006 book "The Audacity
of Hope," Obama wrote that American politics suffered from a case of arrested
development, or what he dismissively referred to as "the psychodrama of the baby
boom generation - a tale rooted in old grudges and revenge plots hatched on a
handful of college campuses long ago."

Elsewhere, in recent years few countries have seen as dramatic a shift in U.S.
relations as Myanmar, also known as Burma. With the country's transition away
from decades of oppressive military control, the administration rewarded Myanmar
for reforms by easing sanctions against state-run companies and banks earlier
this year while continuing to call for more economic and political changes.

Though the party of longtime opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi swept into power
in Myanmar in March, Suu Kyi herself is still barred from formally holding the
presidency due to a constitutional rule believed to have been written
specifically for her. Ben Rhodes, Obama's deputy national security adviser and
an architect of his Myanmar policy, said the rapprochement reflected dual goals
of acknowledging history but not becoming imprisoned by it.

"That's kind of central to the president's whole view of the world," Rhodes
said. "That we can move beyond difficult and complicated histories and find
these areas of common interest."

The sprint toward warmer relations with erstwhile foes reflects Obama's hope
that by locking in tangible progress, he can make his approach seem inevitable
and even irreversible. While likely Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton largely supports Obama's detente with Cuba, Iran and Myanmar, Republican
Donald Trump is a wild card whose election could augur a sharp return to the
more belligerent U.S. stance of the past.

Yet Obama's critics argue that in his efforts to make peace, Obama has
erroneously lumped together countries like Myanmar and Vietnam, which have
gradually moved toward U.S. values, with others like Iran and Cuba, which they
say have not.

Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., one of the harshest critics of Obama's foreign policy,
says the outreach to Cuba and Iran demonstrates "the folly of the president's
rush to appease adversaries who don't change their behavior."

"The United States should always be open to trying to turn adversaries or former
adversaries into allies, but it has to be based on their conduct," Cotton said
in an interview.

The president's diplomatic successes in a handful of countries are tempered by
backsliding elsewhere, such as in Iraq and Syria, where Obama concedes the U.S.
will be fighting the Islamic State group long after he's out of office. In
Russia, where Obama held out early hope for a new era of cooperation, ties have
frayed amid U.S. denunciation of Moscow's aggression in Ukraine and support for
Syrian President Bashar Assad.

Anthony Cordesman, a former State Department consultant and now an analyst at
the Center for Strategic and International Studies, says Obama has simply seized
timely opportunities presented, for example, by the weakening of the Castro
government in Cuba and growing Vietnamese concerns about China.

"The truth of the matter is we haven't put anything behind us," Cordesman said.
"The legacy a president can leave another president is never binding, and
particularly in international affairs it's always a more than one-person game."

___

Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP. His work
can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/author/josh-lederman

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 8:39 PM GMT

Sen. Reid calls for people to 'lay off' Bernie Sanders

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said Tuesday that people
should "lay off" Bernie Sanders, sending a message to restive Democrats
increasingly anxious to see the party unite behind Hillary Clinton.

Reid is personally close with the Vermont independent senator and presidential
hopeful. Last week he disclosed that he'd spoken with Sanders to voice concerns
about unruly protests by Sanders supporters at the Nevada state Democratic
convention, and subsequently voiced his disappointment over a defiant statement
Sanders issued in response.

On Tuesday Reid had a different message, signaling to fellow Democrats that
pressuring Sanders is not the way to go.

"I've had conversations with Bernie, he's a good person, he's doing his best to
effectuate what he believes in, and I have no criticism of Bernie at this
stage," Reid said.

"I think we should just kinda lay off Bernie Sanders a little bit, OK?"

Reid's comment comes as Democrats, including in the Senate, grow increasingly
vocal with their impatience over Sanders' continued presidential candidacy.
Sanders is showing no signs of quitting despite nearly impossible odds of
overtaking Clinton, who is eager to turn her attention to Republican Donald
Trump and the general election in November.

Instead Sanders' is warning of a potentially "messy" Democratic Convention in
Philadelphia in July while criticizing Clinton and the Democratic Party for
their dependence on big money. Many Democrats find such criticism is wearing
thin and poses threats to the party, but there's debate over how best to
respond. Reid seems determined for now to try to keep Sanders in the fold
without alienating him and his backers.

Reid also told reporters that he'd spoken with Wisconsin Democrat Russ Feingold,
who is running for Senate, and "I'm very happy that Sen. Sanders is supporting
him bigtime." Although it's not surprising that Sanders would back Feingold
since they share similar outlooks, Sanders has not thus far gotten involved in
endorsing or campaigning for Senate Democratic candidates. Backing Feingold
could reassure other Democrats about his intentions and party loyalty.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 6:13 PM GMT

Trump says decision to seek donations followed GOP request

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 911 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump holds his first presidential fundraisers this week.
The events directly benefit his campaign, but he doesn't see it that way.

Trump insists that his about-face from self-funded candidate to one who relies
on donors is happening only at the request of the Republican National Committee.

"The RNC really wanted to do it, and I want to show good spirit," Trump said in
a phone interview with The Associated Press. "'Cause I was very happy to
continue to go along the way I was."

Trump's self-funding has been a point of pride, a boast making its way into
nearly every rally and interview. The billionaire businessman lent his campaign
at least $43 million, enough to pay for most of his primary bid.

"By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special
interests or lobbyists. I am working only for the people of the U.S.!" he wrote
on Twitter in September.

With this week's fundraisers - a small gathering Tuesday in Albuquerque, New
Mexico, and a large $25,000-per-head dinner Wednesday in Los Angeles - Trump
gains hundreds of thousands of campaign dollars but loses his ability to
accurately assert that he is free from the shackles of outside donors.

Trump's voters repeatedly have cited his independence from the influence of
donors and special interests as a top reason they back him. It's not clear how
they will react now.

Perhaps to assuage those voter concerns, Trump is trying to promote his
fundraising agreement as beneficial to other Republicans, not his own campaign.

The deal itself shows Trump comes first.

For every check he solicits - and donors can give almost $450,000 apiece - the
first $5,400 goes to Trump's primary and general election campaign accounts. The
rest is spread among the RNC and 11 state parties.

The RNC can use its money to help Republican candidates for Senate and Congress.
However, Trump's team and Republican officials also have said the RNC plans to
take the lead on major presidential campaign activities such as voter
identification and turnout.

Asked by The AP if he sees a contradiction in asking for money after repeatedly
saying he stood above the other candidates because he didn't, Trump said, "No,
because I'm raising money for the party."

Trump also first denied to the AP that he is raising any money for the primary.
Reminded of the terms of the fundraising agreement, he then said primary
donations don't really count because he already has defeated his GOP rivals.

He promised not to use any donor money to pay down his loans. That means he has
until the Republican convention in late July to spend primary contributions on
expenses such as staffing and summer advertising.

Despite Trump's claim that he would have carried on self-funding if not for the
RNC, in other media interviews he has expressed a reluctance to sell buildings
or other assets to pay for a costly general election.

"It would be foolish for him to unilaterally disarm against Hillary Clinton,"
said Roger Stone, Trump's friend and informal political adviser about why Trump
decided to take donations.

Trump's likely opponent, the former secretary of state, aims to have $1 billion
for her bid, through her campaign, the Democratic Party and outside groups.

The presumptive GOP nominee's still-forming fundraising team, led by Steven
Mnuchin, Trump's national finance chairman, and Lew Eisenberg, the RNC's
national finance chairman, is rushing to schedule events.

Trump and the RNC on Tuesday announced new additions to the financial operation,
including New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, roofing company owner Diane
Hendricks and former Ambassador Mel Sembler, who helped raise major money for
previous presidential candidates.

Johnson, who was national finance chairman for former rival Jeb Bush, drew
Trump's scorn earlier this year. At a New Hampshire campaign stop in February,
Trump predicted Bush's prescription drug policies would be influenced by
Johnson, whose family founded the Johnson & Johnson medical and pharmaceutical
company.

The event in Albuquerque, hosted by funeral services company owner Kevin
Daniels, was first reported by The Washington Post. About two dozen attendees
are expected, paying $10,000 apiece.

On Wednesday, donors will hobnob with Trump at a reception and dinner at the Los
Angeles home of his friend and fellow real estate investor Tom Barrack, whose
publicist said he is passionate about surfing and horses and is the "son of
hard-working Lebanese parents."

Price of admission - a minimum of $25,000 with the option of paying $50,000 -
includes a photo with Trump.

Mnuchin has said he's being inundated with offers of financial assistance.
Eisenberg said the Trump fundraising agreement enables the party to "recover the
interest and enthusiasm of major donors and raise the money needed to win a
Republican presidency, Senate and House, as well as secure the Supreme Court."

Two past presidential fundraisers who are hoping to join Trump's finance team
are convinced he'll raise the money needed to win.

For Trump, who has never sought out donors, "the low-hanging fruit is more
abundant than it's ever been for anyone at this point in a presidential cycle,"
said Rick Hohlt, a Washington lobbyist. Donors, he said, are excited to meet
Trump - many for the first time.

In Florida, Palm Beach real estate agent Teresa Dailey said, "People are
anxiously waiting to help him, and they haven't had the opportunity because of
his self-funding."

___

Bykowicz reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 5:13 PM GMT

North Korea's UK ambassador rejects Trump's offer of talks

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 233 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - North Korea's ambassador to Britain said Tuesday that his country
has no interest in presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's
offer to open nuclear talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.

Ambassador Hyon Hak Bong said that Pyongyang views Trump's offer as an electoral
ploy that isn't serious.

Hyon said that "we see it as the dramatics of a popular actor," adding that U.S.
presidential candidates say a lot of things during a campaign but once they
assume power they always adopt a hostile stance toward North Korea.

The timing is not right for talks, he said.

"North Korea has no package ready - the United States also has no package ready
- to advance relations between the two countries," he said. "No progress can be
made. That is why we say we have no interest whatever in remarks made by him."

Trump said last week that he is open to meeting with Kim Jong Un, which would
represent a sharp alteration in U.S. policy.

The Obama administration says it is willing to resume talks with North Korea,
but only if Pyongyang commits itself to the goal of abandoning its nuclear
weapons program.

Hyon said North Korea needs its nuclear weapons for self-defense and to protect
its sovereignty.

He said the "six-party talks" aimed at ending his country's nuclear weapons
program through negotiations are "dead."

No sitting U.S. president has met with the leader of North Korea.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 24, 2016 Tuesday 12:43 PM GMT

Sanders: Democratic convention could be 'messy'

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 789 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders says the
Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia and his push to make the party
more inclusive could get "messy" but asserts in an interview with The Associated
Press: "Democracy is not always nice and quiet and gentle."

The Vermont senator, campaigning Monday ahead of California's primary against
Hillary Clinton, said his supporters hope the party will adopt a platform at the
summer convention that reflects the needs of working families, the poor and
young people, not Wall Street and corporate America.

Sanders said he will "condemn any and all forms of violence" but his campaign
was welcoming political newcomers and first-time attendees of party conventions.
He said the Democratic Party faces a choice of becoming more inclusive or
maintaining the status quo.

"I think if they make the right choice and open the doors to working-class
people and young people and create the kind of dynamism that the Democratic
Party needs, it's going to be messy," Sanders said.

"Democracy is not always nice and quiet and gentle but that is where the
Democratic Party should go."

Asked if the convention could be problematical, Sanders said: "So what?
Democracy is messy. Everyday my life is messy. But if you want everything to be
quiet and orderly and allow, you know, just things to proceed without vigorous
debate, that is not what democracy is about."

Sanders is vying for support ahead of California's June 7 primary, a day that
also includes contests in Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota and
South Dakota. Clinton has 271 more pledged delegates than Sanders and is just 90
delegates shy of clinching the nomination when the total includes
superdelegates, the party officials and elected leaders who can support the
candidate of their choice.

Some Democrats have grown weary about the length of the primaries, worried that
it could give Republican businessman Donald Trump a head start on the general
election and make it more difficult for Democrats to unite behind a nominee. The
issue gained attention when a recent Nevada Democratic convention turned
raucous.

Sanders said he was "bothered" by the portrayal of the Las Vegas convention,
saying it did not turn violent as some media reports indicated. "There was
rowdyism. There was booing, I think inappropriately by the way," he said.

The senator spoke after the Democratic National Committee announced a 15-member
platform drafting committee, which will write the first draft of the party
platform. The panel includes allies of both candidates.

Sanders said the platform process would be an "excellent time to educate the
American people," saying it would allow the party to have a vigorous debate over
ways to address wealth inequality, the role of Wall Street in the economy,
climate change and universal health care.

"A serious debate about serious issues is good for democracy, is good for the
Democratic Party. It will increase voter turnout and that always works in our
effort to defeat Republicans," he said.

He declined to entertain the possibility of being considered as Clinton's
running mate, saying he was focused on winning the nomination. "If I don't, we
will see what happens later on." But he reiterated that he would do "everything
that I can" to ensure that Trump is not elected president.

Sanders said he had a "shot" at winning the California primary against Clinton
and said, given his delegate deficit, it was "imperative" that he perform well.
He estimated his rallies around the state would allow him to speak directly to
200,000 voters before the primary.

"What happens if I win a major victory in California? Will people say, 'Oh,
we're really enthusiastic about Hillary Clinton despite the fact that Bernie
Sanders has now won whatever it may be, 25 states, half the states?'" he said.

If that happens, he added, superdelegates "may rethink that. That is why you
want the process to play out."

Clinton's campaign said Monday she would not participate in a proposed
California debate, choosing instead to campaign in the state. Sanders said at an
evening rally in Santa Monica he was "disturbed but not surprised" that Clinton
had "backed out" of the debate, which was part of an agreement the campaigns
reached with the DNC earlier this year.

Sanders also looked ahead to the future of his political movement, saying his
goal was "the transformation of the Democratic Party. To be a party which is a
grassroots party where the main energy comes from working families, from trade
unionists, from environmentalists, from people today who want real political and
social and economic and environmental changes in our society."

__

Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter: https://twitter.com/KThomasDC

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 9:04 AM GMT

Clinton campaign declines invitation to California debate

BYLINE: WILL LESTER, Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton has
declined an invitation from Fox News to participate in a debate with rival
Bernie Sanders in California before that state's June 7 primary.

Clinton and Sanders are competing aggressively in California as primaries wrap
up.

But Clinton is close to getting the delegates she needs to seal the nomination.
Sanders says he has a chance to pass her in pledged delegates, though he admits
he faces tough odds. Then he would have to persuade many superdelegates to
switch their support to him.

Campaign spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri said Monday that Clinton will compete
hard in the remaining primary states, particularly California, while also
turning her attention to presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump.

"We believe that Hillary Clinton's time is best spent campaigning and meeting
directly with voters across California and preparing for a general election
campaign that will ensure the White House remains in Democratic hands," Palmieri
said.

Clinton's decision was quickly criticized by Sanders.

"I am disappointed but not surprised by Secretary Clinton's unwillingness to
debate before the largest and most important primary in the presidential
nominating process," he said in a statement.

"Democracy, and respect for the voters of California, would suggest that there
should be a vigorous debate in which the voters may determine whose ideas they
support," he said. "I hope Secretary Clinton reconsiders her unfortunate
decision to back away from her commitment to debate."

Bill Sammon, Fox News vice president and Washington managing editor, said the
decision was unfortunate.

"Naturally, Fox News is disappointed that Secretary Clinton has declined our
debate invitation," he said, "especially given that the race is still contested
and she had previously agreed to a final debate before the California primary."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 6:23 AM GMT

Monday's Sports in Brief

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS; Sports Briefs

LENGTH: 1052 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Tom Brady's lawyers asked a federal appeals court for a new
hearing before an expanded panel of judges, telling them that it is not just a
silly dispute over underinflated footballs - it's the basic right to a fair
process that is shared by all union workers.

Setting the stage for the "Deflategate" scandal to stretch into its third
season, and putting Brady's four-game suspension back in the hands of the
courts, the players' union asked all 13 judges of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals to hear the case that a three-judge panel decided in the league's favor.

In the appeal filed on Monday, Brady's lawyers said that Commissioner Roger
Goodell's "biased, agenda-driven, and self-approving 'appeal' ruling must be
vacated."

The 2-1 decision by the panel, they wrote, "will fuel unpredictability in labor
arbitrations everywhere and make labor arbitration increasingly capricious and
undesirable for employers and employees alike."

The NFL had no comment.

WASHINGTON (AP) - National Football League officials improperly sought to
influence a government study on the link between football and brain disease,
according to a senior House Democrat in a report issued Monday.

New Jersey Rep. Frank Pallone says the league tried to strong-arm the National
Institutes of Health into taking the project away from a researcher who the NFL
feared was biased.

The NFL had agreed to donate $30 million to the NIH to fund brain research but
backed out after the institutes went ahead with a $16 million grant to prominent
Boston University researcher Robert Stern. He's a leading expert on the link
between football and brain diseases such as chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Taxpayers are instead bearing the cost.

The NFL denied Pallone's findings.

WEDDINGTON, N.C. (AP) - Carolina Panthers linebacker Shaq Thompson was cited for
a head-on accident that injured former Duke quarterback Anthony Boone over the
weekend, a North Carolina Highway Patrol trooper said.

Trooper John Burgin told The Associated Press that Thompson's vehicle collided
with one driven by Boone on Sunday morning near Weddington, located about 20
miles southeast of Charlotte. Burgin said Thompson told authorities in his
statement that he reached down to pick up his dropped cellphone, leading to a
citation for driving left of the center line.

Burgin said Boone broke his pelvis but his injuries weren't life-threatening.
Thompson wasn't injured.

Thompson had alcohol in his system but wasn't impaired and alcohol wasn't
considered a factor in the accident, Burgin said.

BASEBALL

SAN DIEGO (AP) - Tony Gwynn's widow and two children filed a lawsuit seeking to
hold the tobacco industry accountable for the Hall of Famer's death.

The suit was filed in San Diego Superior Court by Alicia Gwynn and her children,
Tony Jr. and Anisha Gwynn-Jones.

The suit says Gwynn started dipping as a 17-year-old freshman ballplayer at San
Diego State. He died of cancer of the right parotid salivary gland on June 16,
2014, at 54.

The lawsuit said Gwynn dipped in his lower right cheek for more than 30 years.

The court filing lists eight defendants, including Altria Group Corp. and US
Smokeless Tobacco Co. LLC., and two people the suit says ran an intramural
softball team called "Skoal Brothers" at San Diego State in the late 1970s. The
"Skoal Brothers" provided free samples of smokeless tobacco products, the
lawsuit said.

Altria spokesman Brian May said in an email that the company had no comment.

BASKETBALL

NEW YORK (AP) - Draymond Green was fined $25,000 but not suspended by the NBA
for kicking Oklahoma City center Steven Adams in the groin.

The league also upgraded the foul to a flagrant 2, which would have resulted in
an automatic ejection had officials given it that ruling when it happened. That
moved him closer to an automatic suspension for accumulation of flagrant foul
points.

But Green will be on the court when the Warriors try to even the Western
Conference finals at 2-2 on Tuesday at Oklahoma City.

Green was called for a flagrant 1 foul after he was fouled by Adams with 5:57
remaining in the second quarter and kicked his leg up into Adams' groin. Though
the Thunder felt it was intentional, Green and Warriors coach Steve Kerr said
they believed the flagrant would actually be rescinded by the league.

FIFA

GENEVA (AP) - FIFA has fired its finance director of the past 13 years, removing
another fixture of the Sepp Blatter presidential era in another round of
revelations about irregular million-dollar payments.

Markus Kattner's exit came after he spent several months in his highest profile
role at the scandal-rocked world soccer body - as its interim top administrator
promoting FIFA's wish to change its tainted culture even as his links to other
investigations added up.

FIFA said Kattner was fired after an internal investigation said he allegedly
broke his legal responsibilities to the organization "in connection with his
employment contract."

The 45-year-old German official was due payments worth millions of dollars over
a six-year period from 2008-14 from additions to his contract, a person familiar
with the FIFA investigation said.

The extra payments were known to then-President Blatter and then-secretary
general Jerome Valcke, Kattner's immediate boss in that period.

OTHER

WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump wants to build another huge wall, this time to
keep out the rising seas threatening to swamp his luxury golf resort in Ireland.

The Republican presidential candidate has called climate change a "con job" and
a "hoax." But in an application filed this month in County Clare, Ireland, the
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel cites the threat of global warming in
seeking a permit to build a nearly two-mile-long stone wall between it and the
Atlantic Ocean. The beach in front of the 18th green is disappearing at a rate
of about a yard each year.

Trump's application, first reported by Politico, cites local regulations
pertaining to "rising sea levels and increased storm frequency and wave energy
associated with global warming." An attached environmental impact statement says
that almost all the dunes in western Ireland are retreating "due to sea level
rise and increased Atlantic storminess."

Trump campaign spokesman Alan Garten did not respond Monday to messages from The
Associated Press seeking comment.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 24, 2016 Tuesday 12:33 AM GMT

Clinton: Trump could 'bankrupt America' like his companies

BYLINE: By DAVID EGGERT, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT (AP) - Hillary Clinton said Monday that Donald Trump's economic policies
would lead to lower wages, fewer jobs and more debt - warning unionized workers
that the presumptive Republican presidential nominee could "bankrupt America
like he's bankrupted his companies."

"Ask yourself," the likely Democratic nominee told thousands at the Service
Employees International Union international convention in Detroit, "how can
anybody lose money running a casino, really?"

Trump has accused Clinton of using the "the woman's card" to win votes. Clinton
said if fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, a higher minimum wage and
affordable child care is "playing the woman card, then deal me in."

Trump's call for the deportation of millions of people living in the U.S.
illegally and the end of automatic birthright citizenship also drew Clinton's
ire. She criticized sending a "deportation force" to schools, workplaces and
homes to "round up moms, dads, grandparents - even children."

"He's talking about kicking children who are born here out of the only country
they know," Clinton said.

The union endorsed Hillary in November. She thanked its members - who include
child care workers, home health aides, janitors and others - and called them
"unsung heroes" who deserve a living wage.

She said there has never been more at stake for working families than in the
2016 election, noting that she supports raising the federal minimum wage and
protecting the right to organize.

"Your fights are my fights," she said.

Clinton, pointing to the nearing end of the Democratic primary, applauded
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and his supporters for "challenging us."

"We are going to get unaccountable money out of politics. We are going to take
on the crisis of income inequality," she said to loud applause. "And we are
going to unify the Democratic Party and stop Donald Trump. There is so much more
that unites us than divides us."

Meanwhile, at a rally in East Los Angeles, Calif., on Monday afternoon, Sanders
predicted he would win California's June 7 primary - the nation's largest with
475 delegates - through the strength of his rallies across the state. He said
that by the end of the state's primary he will have spoken to more than 200,000
people at his rallies.

"It is a grassroots campaign, not a fancy campaign," Sanders said.

He has pushed for the party to adopt a progressive platform at the Philadelphia
convention in July. The Democratic National Committee announced a 15-member
platform drafting committee, the first step in that process, which will put
together the first draft of platform.

The panel will be led by Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., who endorsed Clinton, and
include Sanders' allies such as Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., civil rights leader
Dr. Cornel West and environmental activist Bill McKibben.

___

Associated Press writer Ken Thomas contributed to this report from East Los
Angeles, California.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 25, 2016 Wednesday 10:51 PM GMT

United Auto Workers union endorses Hillary Clinton

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 141 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The United Auto Workers union is endorsing Democrat Hillary
Clinton for president.

The 400,000-member union announced the endorsement on its website Wednesday
evening.

UAW President Dennis Williams says Clinton "understands our issues on trade,
understands the complexities of multinational economies and supports American
workers, their families and communities."

The union is praising Bernie Sanders as "a great friend of the UAW, and of
working men and women in this country." But it says Clinton "has shown under
pressure her ability to lead and get elected in November."

The announcement criticizes Republican Donald Trump for comments in which he
proposed moving UAW jobs to non-union, lower-paying states in order to compete
with Mexican wages. Williams says Trump "clearly does not support the economic
security of UAW families."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 25, 2016 Wednesday 10:11 PM GMT

The Latest: 4 arrested amid protests at Trump rally

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - The Latest following protests in Albuquerque at a
Donald Trump rally (all times local):

4 p.m.

Police say four people have been charged or cited following a Donald Trump rally
in Albuquerque, where angry protests erupted into chaos outside the city's
convention center.

An Albuquerque police spokeswoman says 30-year-old Tylina Hardy was arrested
inside the convention center as Trump spoke Tuesday night. She faces a charge of
disorderly conduct. Two juveniles inside the convention center also were cited
and released to their parents.

Meanwhile, 19-year-old Jose Cuevas faces a charge of disorderly conduct linked
to protests outside the rally.

About 4,000 Trump supporters attended the presumptive GOP presidential nominee's
rally at the Albuquerque Convention Center. As he spoke inside, a crowd of
demonstrators outside overran police barricades. Some threw burning T-shirts and
plastic bottles at officers.

Police spokeswoman Celina Espinoza says about 12 other people were detained and
released, and more arrests are likely.

___

3:50 p.m.

A day after a riot erupted outside a Donald Trump rally, Albuquerque officials
concluded that the mayhem had less to do with political protest than with an
unruly group determined to use the event to sow disorder.

Some of the participants openly admitted that they set out to cause disruption.
Many in the crowd were seen with gang tattoos and at one point chanted to Trump
supporters that they controlled the streets.

Cleanup crews spent Wednesday clearing away broken glass and charred debris. The
mayor and police were tallying up the damage that spread to several blocks near
historic Route 66.

In Tuesday night's demonstration, some officers and police horses were injured
in clashes with protesters. Demonstrators stomped on patrol cars and shattered
windows with rocks.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 9:50 PM GMT

The Latest: Groups oppose GOP convention protest area

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND (AP) - The Latest on the designated a route for protest marches during
the Republican National Convention (all times local):

5:30 p.m.

Organizers for two groups on opposite ends of the political spectrum are unhappy
with a protest route designated for the Republican National Convention in
Cleveland, arguing it restricts their free-speech rights and creates the
possibility of clashes.

One group is a coalition of left-leaning organizations planning to protest
social and economic inequality. The other is an amalgam of groups hoping to
celebrate the nomination of Donald Trump as the GOP candidate for president.
Organizers of both events expect to draw thousands of people from across the
country.

The groups say the city-designated route announced Wednesday is far from where
they had hoped to hold rallies and marches.

Police Chief Calvin Williams says police will try to accommodate those wanting
to protest outside the designated area.

___

12:30 p.m.

Cleveland has designated a route for protest marches during the Republican
National Convention while leaving open the possibility that marches would be
allowed outside the event zone surrounding the arena where it's being held.

The announcement Wednesday comes after a civil rights organization warned it
would sue if officials didn't decide by June 1 whether to grant parade permit
applications for two groups planning large rallies July 18, the first day of the
four-day convention.

One group plans to protest economic inequality while the other wants to
celebrate presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.

The police chief says Cleveland will try to accommodate protesters outside the
event zone surrounding Quicken Loans Arena like it has accommodated protesters
the previous 18 months.

The route for protest marches is about 1½ miles long.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 9:33 PM GMT

Groups say GOP convention protest area could foster clashes

BYLINE: By MARK GILLISPIE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND (AP) - Organizers for two groups on opposite ends of the political
spectrum are unhappy with a protest route designated for the Republican National
Convention in Cleveland, arguing it restricts their free-speech rights and
creates the possibility of clashes.

One group is a coalition of more than two dozen left-leaning organizations
planning to protest social and economic inequality. The other is an amalgam of
groups hoping to celebrate the nomination of Donald Trump as the GOP candidate
for president on the last day of the convention. Organizers of both events
expect to draw thousands of people from across the country.

The groups, represented by the American Civil Liberties Union, say the
city-designated route announced Wednesday is far from where they had hoped to
hold rallies and marches, infringing on their right to free speech.

The use of a designated protest route is a "recipe for disaster" because it
could put groups hostile to each other in close proximity, said Ralph King, the
local organizer for a coalition of groups called Citizens for Trump. He said
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson and Police Chief Calvin Williams will be to blame
if anyone is hurt during the convention.

A city spokesman declined to provide a response to King's comment.

The city's route starts on the western end of a long bridge crossing the
Cuyahoga River valley into downtown Cleveland, passes at a distance by the
convention site, Quicken Loans Arena.

Williams said police will try to accommodate those wanting to protest outside
the designated space surrounding the arena as the city did during anti-police
protests in downtown Cleveland during the past 18 months.

"If we can direct traffic around them, we will do that," Williams said. "It will
depend on the situation."

Larry Bresler of Organize! Ohio, the local group planning the inequality march,
said the city's plan is unacceptable and "nebulous." He said he is conferring
with the ACLU about what action can be taken.

"The restrictions in terms of where the routes will be are problematic," Bresler
said.

Citizens for Trump had asked for a permit to use Voinovich Park, next to the
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum. City officials said the park has been
reserved by a Republican Party committee. King said his group might try to hold
a rally there anyway and dare police to make them leave.

City officials said the route will be available to groups for two hours on July
18, the first official day of the four-day convention, and for four hours on
each of the next three days. Marches must be completed within 50 minutes along a
route approximately 1½ miles long.

Assistant City Law Director Rick Horvath said permits would be issued in the
order applications are received. The two groups submitted theirs weeks ago.
Other groups, both for and against Trump, also have applied for parade permits.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 9:01 PM GMT

Elizabeth Warren emerges as potent Clinton ally, Trump foil

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER and KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Sen. Elizabeth Warren is grabbing center stage in the 2016
presidential race as Donald Trump's most effective antagonist and Sen. Bernie
Sanders' top rival for the affections of progressive voters. The combination
could make Warren an indispensable ally to Hillary Clinton, in the process
elevating her own stature and allowing her to draw attention to the issues she
cares about most.

"She doesn't talk often. And when she talks, you should listen to her," Senate
Minority Leader Harry Reid said Wednesday, a day after Warren delivered a
much-noticed speech lashing Trump as a "small, insecure moneygrubber who doesn't
care who gets hurt, so long as he makes some money."

The speech at the Center for Popular Democracy gala in Washington was the
Massachusetts senator's first devoted to attacking Trump, though she's
repeatedly mixed it up with him on Twitter, landing punches where others have
not. In response Trump has labeled her "goofy Elizabeth Warren" and referred to
her as "Pocahontas," a reference to her time claim to Native American ancestry.

"We all aspire to have a nickname from Donald Trump," remarked Sen. Sherrod
Brown, D-Ohio.

Warren is the only one of the Senate's 14 female Democrats who has not endorsed
Clinton, raising eyebrows among Clinton allies. Yet her speech hit on some of
the same themes that Clinton has developed in recent days, including accusing
Trump of benefiting from the housing crisis, mocking his claims of being tough
on Wall Street and denouncing him for refusing to release his taxes.

The Clinton campaign has tried to cultivate Warren, knowing that such attacks
encourage Clinton supporters. But allies note that Warren is also focused on the
long game, ensuring the next administration picks people for key posts who will
work toward economic reform.

Partly because she has withheld her endorsement for Clinton, Warren is now
positioned as the most credible conduit to the liberal voters backing Sanders.
Democrats are increasingly concerned about the Vermont independent's
determination to fight on in the primaries despite nearly impossible odds of
overtaking Clinton. And increasingly they're looking to Warren to help unify the
party after the June 7 primaries in California, when Clinton is expected to
officially wrap up the nomination.

"I think she realizes the shared goal of everyone who is voting and
participating in the Democratic primary," said Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo.
"That is, we don't want Donald Trump in the Oval Office, and I think Elizabeth
Warren gets that and I think she's going to be a great asset to us now through
the fall."

Warren's name is frequently mentioned by Democrats as a potential running mate.
Clinton's team is beginning to vet around two dozen potential vice presidential
picks. Warren's increasingly aggressive attacks on Trump and interest from some
in the Clinton campaign in exploring the idea of a two-woman ticket has
heightened speculation that she is a serious contender for the job.

Over the weekend Reid seemed to shoot the idea down, telling an MSNBC
interviewer that he would be a "hell no" if Clinton tried to draft a senator
from a Republican-led state, because a Republican governor would then have the
opportunity to replace a Democratic senator. But Wednesday Reid said: "We've had
two men for a long time so I'd have no problem with it."

Warren, a former Harvard professor, is a hero to the liberal wing of the party
because of her attacks on Wall Street and advocacy for consumers, including
pushing successfully for creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
before her election to the Senate in 2012. Since joining the Senate she's forged
her own course, figuring out how to get results as a freshman in the minority by
skirting the legislative process and instead exerting public pressure over
favorite issues like student loans.

Reid created a post for her in leadership as a conduit to liberal groups, and
she's used it to train attention on issues like Social Security and pressure
more establishment-minded colleagues to hold firm on Democratic principles.
She's seen as a hard-worker and is well-liked, and although she came to the
Senate with celebrity status she's taken pains not to exploit it in the
seniority-conscious Senate, avoiding talking to reporters or grabbing the
spotlight from senior colleagues.

The Clinton campaign has tried to cultivate Warren, particularly on the kinds of
economic and regulatory issues championed by both Warren and Sanders. Clinton
aides Mandy Grunwald, who worked on Warren's 2012 campaign, and Gary Gensler, a
former chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, act as conduits
between the two camps.

___

Thomas reported from San Bernardino, California. Associated Press writer Lisa
Lerer contributed from Salinas, California.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 8:32 PM GMT

Chief Justice John Roberts speaks on diversity, consensus

BYLINE: By JOHN RABY, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va.


WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. (AP) - U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John
Roberts said Wednesday that building a consensus among the justices is
important, although he admits he can't do it on his own.

Roberts' comments at The Greenbrier resort in West Virginia come as the justices
have struggled to reach decisions in several cases this term with the court
split evenly between conservative and liberal members. The court has had eight
members since the February death of Justice Antonin Scalia.

"I try to achieve as much consensus as I can," Roberts said. "We kind of have to
have a commitment as a group. I think we spend a fair amount of time - maybe a
little more than others in the past - talking about things, talking them out. It
sometimes brings you a bit closer together.

"But it's been subject to some criticism that you can put things off and you can
say 'well, let's not deal with this issue. Then maybe in five years we'll get
another case if we have to.' And some people think that's bad. I think it has
something to do with judicial philosophy. I think we should be as restrained in
when we decide the issues when it's necessary to do so. I think that's part of
how I look at the job."

Last week the court dodged the legal issues in a challenge from faith-based
groups over the federal health care law's birth control requirements.

Roberts also was asked about the diversity of the court. An audience member
noted the current justices were products of the same few law schools. Roberts,
who attended Harvard's law school, said that was "unfortunate."

Last week, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump proposed a
list of potential Supreme Court nominees to fill Scalia's seat if he's elected
to the White House. Trump's list included a more diverse group of judges from a
range of law schools and states.

President Barack Obama has nominated Judge Merrick Garland to fill Scalia's
seat, but Republicans in Congress have vowed not to hold hearings or a
confirmation vote until a new president takes office.

Speaking on a question about the religious backgrounds of the current justices,
Roberts said, "I'm certainly not seeing any evidence of that as making an
impact. I haven't seen any sign that that's affecting how we do our business."

Roberts' talk at a conference of the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was
filled with lighthearted moments. Asked by appeals Judge J. Harvie Wilkinson to
name a satisfying accomplishment in his decade as chief justice, Roberts joked,
"serving for 10 years."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 8:22 PM GMT

Pelosi defends Democratic Party chief criticized by Sanders

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Wednesday defended the
chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, who's been under attack from
Bernie Sanders for undermining his longshot bid to become the party's
presidential nominee.

Pelosi, D-Calif., seemed to choose her words carefully when reporters questioned
her about Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who is also a Florida congresswoman.

"Chairwoman Wasserman Schultz has the respect of her colleagues for her efforts
and her leadership to unify the party and to win the election in November," she
said. Pressed on whether she agreed with those sentiments, Pelosi said, "That
was my statement."

Pelosi said she was unaware of reports that some Democrats felt retaining
Wasserman Schultz was making it difficult for the party to coalesce. Several
congressional Democrats were reluctant Wednesday to discuss whether Wasserman
Schultz was viewed as a hindrance to unity.

"I'm not going to get involved in conversations about personality," Pelosi said.
"I told you that Debbie Wasserman Schultz has the respect of her colleagues in
the House for her hard work to unify and to win the elections."

Sanders' campaign against front-runner Hillary Clinton has created rifts within
the party, with many of his more liberal, younger supporters following his lead
and expressing resentment against the party establishment.

He has accused Wasserman Schultz of favoring Clinton by scheduling debates on
weekend nights, for having many closed primaries not open to independent voters
and for the superdelegate system that helped Clinton pad her lead. Clinton
backers have been upset that Sanders hasn't abandoned his campaign so she can
focus on likely Republican nominee Donald Trump.

Those ill feelings bubbled over this month at a chaotic Nevada Democratic Party
convention in Las Vegas. Sanders' supporters shouted down speakers and later
made death threats against the state party chair. Party leaders, including
Wasserman Schultz, urged Sanders to vigorously condemn the outbursts.

"There is no excuse for what happened in Nevada, and it is incumbent upon all of
us in positions of leadership to speak out," she said.

While Sanders said he condemns violence, he repeated his supporters' accusations
that they were treated unfairly in the Nevada delegate selection process, which
the party denied.

Sanders has said on CNN that he's supporting a challenger to Wasserman Schultz
in the contest for the Democratic nomination for her House seat. He said if he
was elected president, he would not reappoint her to lead the party.

Wasserman Schultz has led the DNC since 2011, and her current term expires in
early 2017. The party chairman is traditionally selected by the party's
presidential nominee and the DNC.

Sanders supporter Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Ariz., said Wednesday that for the party
to unify in the long term, "You're going to need leadership that's welcoming,
respectful" of progressives' views.

"If Debbie is not capable of doing that, then somebody should be found to do
it," Grijalva said. Asked if Wasserman Schultz could do those things, he said,
"I'm not going to answer that one."

Asked if the party would be helped if Wasserman Schultz stepped aside, New York
Sen. Chuck Schumer, considered his party's likely Senate leader next year, said,
"I'm not commenting."

Pelosi said she believes disquiet among Democrats largely stems from unhappiness
with the party's delegate selection process.

___

Associated Press writer Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 5:53 PM GMT

Bio on billionaire Thiel, reportedly funding Hulk Hogan suit

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Here's some biographical information on billionaire tech investor Peter Thiel,
who has been secretly funding Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker Media,
according to published reports:

___

NAME: Peter Andreas Thiel

BORN: Oct. 11, 1967, in Frankfurt, Germany.

COMPANY CONNECTIONS: Thiel co-founded PayPal in 1998 and was its chairman and
CEO. PayPal was sold to eBay in 2002 for $1.5 billion. Thiel then founded the
hedge fund Clarium Capital Management and helped launch the software firm
Palantir Technologies. He also started the venture capital firm Founders Fund,
co-founded the investment firm Mithril Capital Management and was Facebook's
first outside investor and board member.

NET WORTH: $2.7 billion, according to Forbes' most recent list of the world's
billionaires. This makes him No. 638 on the list.

POLITICS: A self-described libertarian, Thiel is a California delegate for
Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential candidate. He has also
donated to the campaigns of former GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina and
Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, which
tracks political fundraising and spending.

NOTABLE INTERESTS: Thiel raised eyebrows when he endowed the Thiel Fellowship,
which provides $100,000 to young entrepreneurs who want to leave school to
pursue a business or scientific idea. (Critics said he shouldn't encourage
people to halt their education.) He's backed other unusual projects, including
an effort to try new forms of government on man-made islands that would float
outside the territory of current nations. He's also supported the Human Rights
Foundation, the Committee to Protect Journalists and the Singularity Institute
for Artificial Intelligence.

QUOTE: "In our time, the great task for libertarians is to find an escape from
politics in all its forms - from the totalitarian and fundamentalist
catastrophes to the unthinking demos that guides so-called 'social democracy,'"
he wrote in 2009 on Cato Unbound, a blog of the libertarian Cato Institute.

EDUCATION: B.A. in philosophy from Stanford University and a J.D. from Stanford
Law School.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sidebar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 3:16 PM GMT

Capitol Hill Buzz: Democrats aim at Trump's tax returns

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hmmm, wonder who he has in mind?

A leading Senate Democrat is introducing legislation that would require
presidential candidates to release their tax returns.

Its chances of becoming law are nil. The Republican-controlled Congress has
little incentive to embarrass Donald Trump, their presumptive presidential
candidate. Trump has said he won't unveil his returns until the IRS finishes
auditing them.

But with Democrats looking for every opportunity to focus negative attention on
the billionaire candidate, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden introduced the
measure Wednesday.

The bill would require the major parties' presidential nominees to release their
tax returns for the past three years. If they don't, the Treasury Department -
which oversees the IRS - would give the returns to the Federal Election
Commission, which would release them publicly.

Since the 1970s, presidential candidates have typically released their returns.
Trump has been criticized by both parties for not unveiling his.

GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney, a vocal Trump foe, has said his failure to
release his is "disqualifying." Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.,
said Trump would have to make up his own mind.

The Federal Election Commission released personal financial disclosure documents
last week that Trump had filed. They showed that the businessman reported $557
million in earned income over the past 17 months.

Those documents provide far less detail than is required for tax returns -
information that Trump's Democratic political foes would love to see.

"Do you even pay taxes?" Wyden, top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee,
said in a written statement announcing the measure. "Do you give to charity? Are
you abusing tax loopholes at the expense of middle-class families? Are you
keeping your money offshore? People have a right to know."

An occasional look at what Capitol Hill is talking about

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 2:22 PM GMT

Anti-Trump protests turn violent outside New Mexico rally

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and RUSSELL CONTRERAS, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - In one of the presidential campaign year's more grisly
spectacles, protesters in New Mexico opposing Donald Trump's candidacy threw
burning T-shirts, plastic bottles and other items at police officers, injuring
several, and toppled trash cans and barricades.

Police responded by firing pepper spray and smoke grenades into the crowd
outside the Albuquerque Convention Center.

During the rally, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee was
interrupted repeatedly by protesters, who shouted, held up banners and resisted
removal by security officers.

The banners included the messages "Trump is Fascist" and "We've heard enough."

Trump lashed back at protesters, tweeting Wednesday: "The protesters in New
Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and
beautiful, but outside, criminals!"

At one point, a female protester was physically dragged from the stands by
security. Other protesters scuffled with security as they resisted removal from
the convention center, which was packed with thousands of loud and cheering
Trump supporters.

Trump responded with his usual bluster, instructing security to remove the
protesters and mocking their actions by telling them to "Go home to mommy."

He responded to one demonstrator by asking, "How old is this kid?" Then he
provided his own answer: "Still wearing diapers."

Trump's supporters responded with chants of "Build that wall!"

Trump later tweeted "Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd!"

The altercations left glass at the entrance of the convention center smashed.

Albuquerque attorney Doug Antoon said rocks were flying through the convention
center windows as he was leaving Tuesday night. Glass was breaking and landing
near his feet.

"This was not a protest, this was a riot. These are hate groups," he said of the
demonstrators.

Albuquerque police said several officers were treated for injuries after getting
hit by rocks thrown by protesters. At least one person was arrested from the
riot, police said.

During the rally, protesters outside overran barricades and clashed with police
in riot gear. They also burned T-shirts and other items labeled with Trump's
catchphrase, "Make America Great Again."

Tuesday marked Trump's first stop in New Mexico, the nation's most Hispanic
state. Gov. Susana Martinez, head of the Republican Governors Association and
the nation's only Latina governor, has harshly criticized his remarks on
immigrants and has attacked his proposal to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico
border. The governor did not attend the rally and has yet to make an
endorsement.

Trump read off a series of negative statistics about the state, including an
increase in the number of people on food stamps.

"We have to get your governor to get going. She's got to do a better job, OK?"
he said, adding: "Hey, maybe I'll run for governor of New Mexico. I'll get this
place going."

The governor's office fired back, saying Martinez has fought for welfare reform.

"The potshots weren't about policy, they were about politics," said spokesman
Michael Lonergan. "And the Governor will not be bullied into supporting a
candidate until she is convinced that candidate will fight for New Mexicans, and
she did not hear that today."

Trump supporters at the rally said they appreciated his stance on boosting
border security and stemming the flow of people crossing the border illegally,
but some said they were frightened by the violent protests outside.

Karla Molinar, a University of New Mexico student, said she participated in
disrupting Trump's speech because she felt he was attacking members of her
family who are living in the country illegally. She said she believes Trump is
using them as scapegoats for the nation's problems.

___

Associated Press writer Susan Montoya Bryan contributed to this report from
Albuquerque.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 25, 2016 Wednesday 11:49 AM GMT

Trump, Clinton win Washington state's presidential primaries

BYLINE: By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and presumptive
Republican nominee Donald Trump each won primaries in Washington state.

Trump's win Tuesday moves him to within 28 delegates of the clinching the
Republican nomination for president.

Clinton's win might give her some momentum, but it won't get her any delegates.
There were no delegates at stake in the Democratic primary. Washington Democrats
already awarded their delegates based on party caucuses.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders won Washington's caucuses in March, getting 74
delegates. Clinton got 27.

Republicans in Washington will allocate all 44 delegates to their national
convention based on the primary results.

Trump won at least 40 delegates on Tuesday, with four still left to be
allocated. The billionaire businessman has 1,209 delegates. It takes 1,237
delegates to win the GOP nomination.

There are no more Republican contests until June 7, when the last five states
vote. With a total of 303 delegates at stake in California, Montana, New Jersey,
New Mexico and South Dakota, Trump should easily clinch the nomination that day.

Trump is the only remaining candidate in the GOP contest. But his former
opponents, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, were still on the
ballot because they suspended their campaigns after the ballots were printed.
Ben Carson was also on the ballot because he never submitted the paperwork to
have his name removed.

None of the former candidates got enough votes to qualify for delegates. The
only question for the remaining four delegates in Washington is whether they
will go to Trump or be uncommitted, under state party rules.

Sanders trails Hillary Clinton in the delegate count and he is running out of
contests in his longshot bid to catch up.

Clinton is just 78 delegates short of clinching the Democratic nomination for
president. She is on track to do so in early June, even if she loses all the
remaining contests.

Clinton has 1,768 pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses. Sanders has
1,497.

Clinton's lead is even bigger when superdelegate endorsements are included.
These are the party leaders and elected officials who can support the candidate
of their choice.

Overall, Clinton has 2,305 delegates and Sanders has 1,539. It takes 2,383
delegates to win the Democratic nomination.

___

Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at http://twitter.com/stephenatap

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 25, 2016 Wednesday 10:46 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Today

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 353 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about today:

1. PROTESTS TURN VIOLENT OUTSIDE TRUMP RALLY IN NEW MEXICO

Demonstrators throw burning T-shirts, plastic bottles and other items at
officers, overturn trash cans and knock down barricades; police fire pepper
spray and smoke grenades.

2. AFGHAN TALIBAN NAME HAWKISH SUCCESSOR TO SLAIN LEADER

Mullah Haibatullah Akhundzada, one of Mullah Akhtar Mansour's chief deputies,
will assume the top spot. Mansour was killed Saturday when his vehicle was
struck by a U.S. drone.

3. WHAT DEFENSE BILL COSBY'S LAWYERS SUGGEST THEY'LL MOUNT

Before a judge orders the entertainer to stand trial on sex assault charges, the
attorneys argue that Cosby's accuser never said no to his advances.

4. NETANYAHU LURCHES FURTHER TO THE RIGHT

As part of a deal to expand the coalition government, Avigdor Lieberman, one of
Israel's most polarizing politicians, will take over as defense minister.

5. OBAMA TAKES PARTING SHOT BEFORE LEAVING COMMUNIST VIETNAM

The president uses a light moment with a rapper to espouse free speech: "You've
got to let people express themselves."

6. US SEEKING DEATH FOR DYLANN ROOF

Though federal executions are exceedingly rare, the Justice Department wants the
death penalty for the suspect in last year's deadly church shootings in
Charleston, South Carolina.

7. CEO PAY CLIMBS AGAIN, EVEN AS COMPANY STOCK PRICES DON'T

The 4.5 percent raise is almost double the typical American workers' and a lot
more than investors earned from owning their stocks.

8. HOW TIES CAN BE BOUND BETWEEN JAILED WOMEN, CHILDREN

The AP looks inside the Bedford Hills (N.Y.) Correctional Facility, one of the
very few prisons in the U.S. that allow inmates and their babies to live
together.

9. TRENDING ON TWITTER: #GIVECAPTAINAMERICAABOYFRIEND

An online campaign emerges calling for significant LGBT characters in superhero
movies. But dissenters weigh in, too.

10. THUNDER PUSH WARRIORS TO BRINK OF ELIMINATION

Oklahoma City takes a 3-1 lead in the Western Conference Finals as Golden State
loses consecutive games for the first time this season.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      May 25, 2016 Wednesday 10:34 AM GMT

Eric Trump, helping his father, balances company, campaign

BYLINE: By JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - The windows of Eric Trump's office in the Trump Tower offer
breathtaking views of some of Manhattan's most expensive real estate. It's there
the youngest of Donald Trump's adult sons is reflecting on eye-opening moments
from a world far away.

"Having to speak at a Pizza Ranch in Iowa, you hear things you never would," he
says from the 25th floor office in Trump Tower, steps from the offices of
siblings Ivanka and Don Jr. and one floor down from their father. "For us, the
learning curve was exponential."

As his father's seemingly quixotic campaign caught fire, Eric Trump, 32, an
admitted political neophyte, found himself thrust into the heart of it all. He
barnstormed across small towns in Iowa and New Hampshire, gamely doing
interviews on local radio stations and Fox News, all while balancing growing
responsibilities to the company.

"The process makes you go out there and see this country," he says. "I knew
nothing about the nuts and bolts of politics before this."

When Donald Trump announced his underdog candidacy for president last June, he
empowered his three grown children to take the lead running the billion-dollar
business that made him a worldwide celebrity.

Eric Trump says he and his siblings would relish the opportunity to prove
themselves by taking over the empire completely if their father becomes
president. If so, he says: "We'd always be one phone call away if he needs it.
We'd do anything for the man. But our focus is this company. He's had to make
politics his focus and he's shown confidence in us that we'll do a great job
with the company."

Eric Trump estimated that at the start of his father's campaign, he spent just
10 percent of his time on the campaign and the rest on the business, overseeing
projects like new hotels in Vancouver and Rio de Janeiro and a golf course in
Scotland.

Now he's heavily invested in the campaign and that's expected to grow further.
Those around the campaign say Eric, though at times overshadowed by his brother
Don's seniority and his sister Ivanka's celebrity, has been tireless in
providing advice and appearing on behalf of his father.

And all three children - whose mother is Ivana, Trump's first wife - are
expected to do even more in the general election campaign, including pitching in
to soften the rough edges of his public image.

Their love for their father - and apparent level-headedness, despite growing up
among fabulous riches and bold-faced names - was prominently on display during a
good-humored and affectionate appearance on CNN last month. Eric Trump said he
is happy to act as a walking, talking testament to his dad in the likely
showdown against Hillary Clinton, which would feature a pair of prominent and
complicated families. "If I can be a character witness for him, and tell people
about the man that he is, I want to do that," Eric said.

There have been some bumps in the road.

Eric and Ivanka Trump were the subject of some embarrassing headlines when it
was revealed that they were not registered to vote in time for their father in
last month's New York primary. An African big-game safari Eric and Don Jr. took
drew criticism from animal rights activists. And an envelope filled with white
powder was sent to Eric Trump's Manhattan home in March, though tests later
revealed the substance was harmless.

And there have been moments when their father's divisive policies have
conflicted with the family business. The furor over Trump's rhetoric about
illegal immigrants and plans to build a Mexican border wall caused a celebrity
restaurateur to back out of a hotel project in Washington, and a charity golf
tournament was canceled after organizers feared it had become too political.

It remains to be seen how the Trump Organization would be run with Trump in the
White House. His would be the largest business empire to belong to a sitting
president, and that means a nest of ethical questions.

On the most basic level, federal ethics rules would not bar Trump from
personally running his business interests from the White House, or - perhaps
more likely - from having influence over decisions made by his children.

Eric - whose wife, Lara, works at the tabloid TV show "Inside Edition" and
sports a Trump sticker on her smartphone case - insists that, if elected, his
father would completely walk away from the family business, ensuring a "distinct
separation" between the enterprise and public office.

"I think we're going to win this crazy thing," he said.

For now, Eric Trump's life is a juggling act. The day after the interview, he
caught a flight to Ireland to open a Trump-branded golf course.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 9:32 AM GMT

Group of 7 seeks way forward for aging, faltering economies

BYLINE: By ELAINE KURTENBACH and PAUL WISEMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1204 words

DATELINE: ISE, Japan


ISE, Japan (AP) - Leaders of the Group of Seven rich nations plan to voice unity
over fighting terrorism, pandemics and tax evasion at their summit in Japan this
week. Finding a consensus on how to breathe life into their sluggish economies
is proving more elusive.

Aging workforces, sagging productivity and lingering damage from the 2008
financial crisis are complicating efforts to spur growth while the effects of
the slowdown in China and the other big developing economies ripple across the
globe.

Ahead of the summit meetings that begin Thursday, finance ministers and central
bank governors of the G-7 meeting in northern Japan failed to concur on a
coordinated approach to fighting what Nobel prize-winning economist Joseph E.
Stiglitz calls the "Great Malaise."

They did agree the world's growth engine is running on fumes: "We as the G-7
believe the biggest economic problem is demand. Demand - there is no demand -
and that is the biggest problem around the world," said Japan's finance
minister, Taro Aso.

The reluctance of consumers to buy and businesses to invest, despite rock-bottom
interest rates, has caught economists by surprise and policymakers flatfooted,
as the IMF, World Bank and governments repeatedly have had to downgrade overly
rosy forecasts.

That stagnation is evident in the run-down business districts of Ise and many
other places in Japan.

Last month, the IMF lowered the economic growth projection for 2016 and 2017 for
the world's advanced economies, including Europe, the United States and Japan,
where collectively growth has remained below 2 percent since 2010.

"It's a difficult environment indeed," PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi said last month.
"Most of the developed world outside the United States is grappling with slow
growth."

When G-7 meetings began in the 1970s, Japan was in the midst of its post-World
War II industrial boom. Growth peaked in the late 1980s, and has mostly
stagnated since a massive stock market and lending bubble imploded in the early
1990s. It has continued to limp and languish despite massive public works
spending and, more recently, a barrage of monetary stimulus.

In Sendai, U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and other officials said
coordinating growth strategies was difficult given the varied challenges and
resource constraints of each country.

"It's not a one-size-fits-all," Lew said. Nonetheless, he made a point of urging
Japan not to derail its faltering recovery with a sales tax hike planned for
next year and cautioned Tokyo against intervening to drive the yen weaker for
the sake of its exporters.

The IMF says advanced economies could get a healthy economic payoff by investing
in research and development, roads, bridges and other infrastructure, and to
rewrite tax codes that discourage people from working.

Instead, governments have tended to rely on central banks to keep interest rates
low, or - in Japan and Europe - even negative.

Meanwhile, some economists, notably Robert Gordon at Northwestern University,
worry the world lacks the kinds of technological advances needed to drive up
productivity and growth.

Japan's population is shrinking and aging the fastest among G-7 countries, and
its predicament is deepened by productivity that lags behind its G-7 peers.

The country appeared poised for a revival, emerging from recession as Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe took office in late 2012, promising to "bring Japan back"
with share price-plumping plans to fire up growth through government spending
and a flood of stimulus from the central bank.

The "Abenomics" three-pronged combination of monetary easing, government
spending and structural reforms was supposed to end deflation and get households
and businesses to spend more in the sort of "virtuous" cycle all major economies
have been striving for ever since the global financial crisis.

The Bank of Japan's "big bazooka" of monetary easing pumped trillions of dollars
into the economy, helping to weaken the yen against the U.S. dollar as profits
of big exporters like Toyota Motor Corp. soared.

But Japan is still dipping in and out of recession, and a 2 percent inflation
target remains far beyond reach. Recent data show the outlook deteriorating,
despite a 1.6 percent uptick in annual growth in January-March.

After more than three years, Abenomics is viewed mainly as a "marketing slogan,"
said Kenneth S. Courtis, chairman of Starfort Holdings and a former Asia vice
chairman at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Japan needs to "take a blowtorch" to
regulations and red tape that discourage competition, he says.

"There's a much more critical view of the Abe regime today than in the past," he
said.

Most Japanese companies simply are not investing in their shrinking domestic
market, even after the Bank of Japan pushed interest rates on some bank deposits
it is holding below zero.

The G-7 summit venue of Ise once was a center for silk and cotton processing and
shipbuilding. Today, its main industries are pearls, "Matsuzaka" fat-marbled
beef and tourism.

The region is picturesque but sparsely populated: Villages have been emptying
out for decades as businesses, mines and entire communities were abandoned.

Some were casualties of earlier shifts in the global market, as factories
migrated to China and other developing countries.

Stalling growth is not unique to rural Japan: Long-term economic growth in each
of the G-7 countries is the worst it has been since the annual summits began 42
years ago, says Howard Rosen, an independent economist based in Washington.

In the advanced economies, automation and online commerce have meant the
disappearance of many skilled, high-wage jobs. To a growing extent, the meager
or unpredictable pay of service-sector and contract or part-time work is sapping
consumers' purchasing power.

As the usual policy tools fail, for the G-7 as a whole what prevails is
uncertainty, said Dave Tilstone, president of the National Tooling and Machining
Association.

His group's members are showing "a lot more hesitation, more than before, to
make long-term commitments. Their customers just aren't getting those long-term
contracts either," he said.

Looming unknowns include the ups and downs of oil prices; whether the Federal
Reserve will raise interest rates again, possibly slowing the U.S. economy;
whether Britain will opt to leave the European Union in a June 23 vote; and the
outcome of the U.S. presidential election, which could put Donald Trump in the
White House.

Europe is struggling with floods of refugees, as its banks, still holding bad
debts left over from the financial crisis, remain wary of lending.

"There are deep holes in the banking system, and there is no appetite to deal
with it," said Ashoka Mody, visiting professor at Princeton University. "Someone
has to bear the losses and no one wants to deal with the losses."

Though Germany alone has kept its conservative stance toward spending, the other
G-7 members have been constrained in varying degrees by law, politics and
financial limitations from pursuing needed spending increases.

"Years ago, they came out with a coordinated growth plan and everyone kicked
into gear," said Courtis. "Now there are very different views and that's what's
paralyzed the G-7."

___

Wiseman reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 7:29 AM GMT

Trump says he's holding fundraisers only because GOP asked

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 909 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - Donald Trump says he is only asking wealthy donors for
their money because the Republican National Committee wants him to.

In an interview with The Associated Press, that's how the presumptive GOP
presidential nominee explained his about-face from self-funded candidate to one
who relies on campaign contributions. Trump is holding his first fundraisers
this week, including a $25,000-per-ticket dinner Wednesday in Los Angeles.

"The RNC really wanted to do it, and I want to show good spirit," Trump said in
a phone interview with the AP. "'Cause I was very happy to continue to go along
the way I was."

Trump's personal investment in his quest for the White House has been a point of
pride, a boast making its way into nearly every rally and interview. Through the
end of April, the billionaire businessman had lent his campaign at least $43
million, enough to pay for most of his primary bid.

"By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special
interests or lobbyists. I am working only for the people of the U.S.!" he wrote
on Twitter in September.

With this week's fundraisers, which also included a small gathering Tuesday in
Albuquerque, New Mexico, Trump gains hundreds of thousands of campaign dollars
but loses his ability to accurately claim independence from donors.

Trump's voters repeatedly have cited that as a top reason they back him. It's
not clear how they will react now.

Perhaps to assuage those voter concerns, Trump is trying to promote his
fundraising agreement as beneficial to other Republicans, not his own campaign.

The deal itself shows Trump comes first.

For every check he solicits - and donors can give almost $450,000 apiece - the
first $5,400 goes to Trump's primary and general election campaign accounts. The
rest is spread among the RNC and 11 state parties.

The RNC can use its money to help Republican candidates for Senate and House.
However, Trump's team and Republican officials also have said the RNC plans to
take the lead on major presidential campaign activities such as voter
identification and turnout.

Asked by the AP if he sees a contradiction in asking for money after repeatedly
saying he stood above the other candidates because he didn't, Trump said, "No,
because I'm raising money for the party. And if I didn't do it this way, I
wouldn't be able to raise money for the party."

There is no requirement that a presidential candidate's fundraising agreement
with the party include his or her own campaign. That is, Trump could have
continued to self-fund his campaign and simultaneously helped raise money for
the RNC.

Trump also first denied to the AP that he is raising any money for the primary.
Reminded of the terms of the fundraising agreement, he then said primary
donations don't really count because he already has defeated his GOP rivals.

He promised not to use any donor money to pay down his loans. That means he has
until the Republican convention in late July to spend any primary contributions
he collects.

Despite Trump's comments to the AP that he would have carried on self-funding if
not for the RNC, in other media interviews he has expressed a reluctance to sell
buildings or other assets to pay for a costly general election.

"It would be foolish for him to unilaterally disarm against Hillary Clinton,"
said Roger Stone, Trump's friend and informal political adviser, when asked
about why Trump decided to take donations.

Trump's likely opponent, the former secretary of state, aims to have $1 billion
for her bid, through her campaign, the Democratic Party and outside groups.

The presumptive GOP nominee's still-forming fundraising team, led by Steven
Mnuchin, Trump's national finance chairman, and Lew Eisenberg, the RNC's
national finance chairman, is rushing to schedule events.

Trump and the RNC on Tuesday announced new additions to the financial operation,
including New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, roofing company owner Diane
Hendricks and former Ambassador Mel Sembler, who each helped raise major money
for previous presidential candidates.

Earlier this year Trump singled out Johnson, predicting that his fundraising for
Jeb Bush would influence Bush's positions on prescription drug policies.
Johnson's family founded the Johnson & Johnson medical and pharmaceutical
company.

At the Wednesday fundraiser, donors will hobnob with Trump at a reception and
dinner at the Los Angeles home of his friend and fellow real estate investor Tom
Barrack, whose publicist said he is passionate about surfing and horses and is
the "son of hard-working Lebanese parents."

The price of admission includes a photo with Trump.

Eisenberg said the Trump fundraising agreement enables the party to "recover the
interest and enthusiasm of major donors and raise the money needed to win a
Republican presidency, Senate and House, as well as secure the Supreme Court."

Two past presidential fundraisers who are hoping to join Trump's finance team
are convinced he'll raise the money needed to win.

For Trump, who has never sought out donors, "the low-hanging fruit is more
abundant than it's ever been for anyone at this point in a presidential cycle,"
said Rick Hohlt, a Washington lobbyist. Donors, he said, are excited to meet
Trump - many for the first time.

In Florida, Palm Beach real estate agent Teresa Dailey said, "People are
anxiously waiting to help him, and they haven't had the opportunity because of
his self-funding."

___

Bykowicz reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 117 words


"How old is this kid? Still wearing diapers." - Donald Trump to a demonstrator
as a protest outside his rally in New Mexico turned violent.

___

"The nature of the alleged crime and the resulting harm compelled this
decision." - U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch after the Justice Department
said it intended to seek the death penalty against Dylann Roof, the man charged
with killing nine black parishioners last year in a church in Charleston, South
Carolina.

___

"I told him, 'I can't even talk, Mr. Cosby.' I started to panic." - Andrea
Constand to police in a decade-old statement revealed during a preliminary
hearing as a judge ordered comedian Bill Cosby, 78, to stand trial on sexual
assault charges.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 5:59 AM GMT

Protests turn violent outside Trump rally in New Mexico

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and RUSSELL CONTRERAS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - Protests outside a Donald Trump rally in New Mexico
turned violent Tuesday night as demonstrators threw burning T-shirts, plastic
bottles and other items at police officers, overturned trash cans and knocked
down barricades.

Authorities responded by firing pepper spray and smoke grenades into the crowd
outside the Albuquerque Convention Center in what police later called a "riot."

During the rally, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee was
interrupted repeatedly by protesters, who shouted, held up banners and resisted
removal by security officers.

The banners included the messages "Trump is Fascist" and "We've heard enough."

At one point, a female protester was physically dragged from the stands by
security. Other protesters scuffled with security as they resisted removal from
the convention center, which was packed with thousands of loud and cheering
Trump supporters.

Trump responded with his usual bluster, instructing security to remove the
protesters and mocking their actions by telling them to "Go home to mommy."

He responded to one demonstrator by asking, "How old is this kid?" Then he
provided his own answer: "Still wearing diapers."

Trump's supporters responded with chants of "Build that wall!"

The altercations left glass at the entrance of the convention center smashed.

During the rally, protesters outside overran barricades and clashed with police
in riot gear. They also burned T-shirts and other items labeled with Trump's
catchphrase, "Make America Great Again."

Tuesday marked Trump's first stop in New Mexico, the nation's most Hispanic
state. Gov. Susana Martinez, head of the Republican Governors Association and
the nation's only Latina governor, has harshly criticized his remarks on
immigrants and has attacked his proposal to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico
border. The governor did not attend the rally and has yet to make an
endorsement.

Trump read off a series of negative statistics about the state, including an
increase in the number of people on food stamps.

"We have to get your governor to get going. She's got to do a better job, OK?"
he said, adding: "Hey, maybe I'll run for governor of New Mexico. I'll get this
place going."

The governor's office fired back, saying Martinez has fought for welfare reform.

"The potshots weren't about policy, they were about politics," said spokesman
Michael Lonergan. "And the Governor will not be bullied into supporting a
candidate until she is convinced that candidate will fight for New Mexicans, and
she did not hear that today."

Trump supporters at the rally said they appreciated his stance on boosting
border security and stemming the flow of people crossing the border illegally,
but some said they were frightened by the violent protests outside.

Albuquerque attorney Doug Antoon said rocks were flying through the convention
center windows as he was leaving Tuesday night. Glass was breaking and landing
near his feet.

"This was not a protest, this was a riot. These are hate groups," he said of the
demonstrators.

Albuquerque police said several officers were treated for injuries after getting
hit by rocks thrown by protesters. At least one person was arrested from the
riot, police said.

Karla Molinar, a University of New Mexico student, said she participated in
disrupting Trump's speech because she felt he was attacking members of her
family who are living in the country illegally. She said she believes Trump is
using them as scapegoats for the nation's problems.

___

Associated Press writer Susan Montoya Bryan contributed to this report from
Albuquerque.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 3:53 AM GMT

Trump, Clinton win Washington state's presidential primaries

BYLINE: By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and presumptive
Republican nominee Donald Trump each won primaries in Washington state Tuesday.

Trump's win helps him inch closer to clinching the GOP nomination for president.
He is within 41 delegates of the number needed to become the Republican nominee.

Clinton's win might give her some momentum, but it won't get her any delegates.
There were no delegates at stake in the Democratic primary. Washington Democrats
already awarded their delegates based on party caucuses.

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders won Washington's caucuses in March, getting 74
delegates. Clinton got 27.

Republicans in Washington will allocate all 44 delegates to their national
convention based on the primary results.

Trump won at least 27 delegates on Tuesday, with 17 still left to be allocated.
The billionaire businessman has 1,196 delegates. It takes 1,237 delegates to win
the GOP nomination.

There are no more Republican contests until June 7, when the last five states
vote. With a total of 303 delegates at stake in California, Montana, New Jersey,
New Mexico and South Dakota, Trump should easily clinch the nomination that day.

Trump is the only remaining candidate in the GOP contest. But his former
opponents, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, were still on the
ballot because they suspended their campaigns after the ballots were printed.
Ben Carson was also on the ballot because he never submitted the paperwork to
have his name removed.

Sanders trails Hillary Clinton in the delegate count and he is running out of
contests in his longshot bid to catch up.

Clinton is just 78 delegates short of clinching the Democratic nomination for
president. She is on track to do so in early June, even if she loses all the
remaining contests.

Clinton has 1,768 pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses. Sanders has
1,497.

Clinton's lead is even bigger when superdelegate endorsements are included.
These are the party leaders and elected officials who can support the candidate
of their choice.

Overall, Clinton has 2,305 delegates and Sanders has 1,539. It takes 2,383
delegates to win the Democratic nomination.

___

Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at http://twitter.com/stephenatap

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 3:15 AM GMT

Protests turn violent outside Trump rally in New Mexico

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - Protests outside a Donald Trump rally in New Mexico
turned violent Tuesday night as demonstrators threw burning T-shirts, plastic
bottles and other items at officers, overturned trash cans and knocked down
barricades.

Police responded by firing pepper spray and smoke grenades into the crowd
outside the Albuquerque Convention Center.

During the rally, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee was
interrupted repeatedly by protesters, who shouted, held up banners and resisted
removal by security officers.

The banners included the messages "Trump is Fascist" and "We've heard enough."

Trump responded with his usual bluster, instructing security to remove the
protesters and mocking their actions by telling them to "Go home to mommy."

He responded to one demonstrator by asking, "How old is this kid?" Then he
provided his own answer: "Still wearing diapers."

Trump's supporters responded with chants of "Build that wall!"

Protesters outside overran barricades and clashed with police in riot gear. They
also burned T-shirts and other items labeled with Trump's catchphrase, "Make
America Great Again."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 3:10 AM GMT

Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential primary in Washington state

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 16 words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA, Wash.


OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) - Donald Trump wins the Republican presidential primary in
Washington state.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1888 words


Bill Cosby is ordered to stand trial in sex case

NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - She called him "Mr. Cosby" and considered him a trusted
friend and mentor.

But 20 minutes after Bill Cosby offered her three blue pills and told her to
take them with the wine he had set out, Andrea Constand's legs began to wobble
"like jelly," her eyes went blurry and her head began to throb.

Cosby helped her to a couch in his living room, where she later realized he
violated her as she lay helplessly in a stupor, she told police in 2005.

On Tuesday, a judge ordered the 78-year-old Cosby to stand trial on sexual
assault charges on the strength of Constand's decade-old police statement,
sparing the former Temple University employee the need to testify at the
preliminary hearing.

Cosby could get 10 years in prison if convicted in the case, the only criminal
charges brought against the comedian out of the barrage of allegations that he
drugged and molested dozens of women over five decades. He is free on $1 million
bail.

___

In final drive, Obama seeks better relations with US foes

WASHINGTON (AP) - In his final stretch as president, Barack Obama is driving the
United States toward friendlier relations with longstanding adversaries, working
to consign bitter enmities with Vietnam, Iran, Cuba and Myanmar to the history
books.

Though the reconciliations have been years in the making, Obama hopes he can
prove the benefits of his softer approach before he hands control to an
uncertain successor in January. Defiant cries of naiveté by his opponents have
only strengthened his conviction that the U.S. must release itself from an
us-versus-them mentality forged during wars that ended decades ago.

The quest for resolution was on display this week in Hanoi, where Obama lifted
an arms sales embargo that had stood as one of the last remnants of the Vietnam
War and the deep freeze that persisted until the two nations restored relations
in 1995.

Obama's next gesture will come Friday in Hiroshima, Japan, where he'll become
the first sitting president to visit the site where the U.S. dropped the first
atomic bomb - helping end World War II but sowing resentments. Seven decades
later, those have mostly fallen away. Though his move has rankled some U.S.
veterans and some Japanese, Obama's visit will be a powerful reminder of the
intimate alliance between two nations that now view China more warily than they
do each other.

Speaking to the Vietnamese people Tuesday, Obama dismissed calls for keeping the
communist-run country at a distance, the stance of those fecklessly nursing
long-forgotten rivalries. He noted that he's the first president to come of age
after the war, telling his young audience that his own daughters had grown up
knowing only peace between the U.S. and Vietnam.

___

10 Things to Know for Wednesday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. BILL COSBY IS ORDERED TO STAND TRIAL IN SEX CASE

The comedian could get 10 years in prison if convicted. He is currently free on
$1 million bail.

2. WHO SEEKS BETTER TIES WITH U.S. FOES

Obama hopes he can prove the benefits of his softer approach to Vietnam, Iran,
Cuba and Myanmar before he hands control to a successor in January.

___

Group of 7 seeks way forward for aging, faltering economies

TOKYO (AP) - Leaders of the Group of Seven rich nations will undoubtedly voice
unity over fighting terrorism, pandemics and tax evasion at their summit in
Japan this week. Finding a consensus on how to breathe life into their sluggish
economies is proving more elusive.

Aging workforces, sagging productivity and lingering damage from the 2008
financial crisis are complicating efforts to spur growth while the effects of
the slowdown in China and the other big developing economies ripple across the
globe.

At a pre-summit meeting in northern Japan's Sendai, finance ministers and
central bank governors of the G7 failed to concur on a coordinated approach to
fighting what Nobel prize-winning economist Joseph E. Stiglitz calls the "Great
Malaise."

They did agree the world's growth engine is running on fumes: "We as the G7
believe the biggest economic problem is demand. Demand - there is no demand -
and that is the biggest problem around the world," said Japan's finance
minister, Taro Aso.

The reluctance of consumers to buy and businesses to invest, despite rock-bottom
interest rates, has caught economists by surprise and policymakers flatfooted,
as the IMF, World Bank and governments repeatedly have had to downgrade overly
rosy forecasts.

___

In two-front war, Clinton targets Trump's housing crash gain

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Hillary Clinton and her Democratic allies dove deeper into
Donald Trump's record Tuesday, launching a new round of attacks designed to
paint the billionaire businessman as profiting off the housing crisis that hurt
millions of Americans.

As she has for weeks, Clinton avoided all mention of primary challenger Bernie
Sanders, even as both campaigned in California ahead of the state's June 7
primary. Instead, she focused on Trump, trying to use the presumptive Republican
nominee's words against him.

"You know what happened in the great recession. Donald Trump said when he was
talking about the possibility of a housing market crash before the great
recession, he said, 'I sort of hope that happens,'" Clinton told union workers
in Los Angeles.

"He actually said he was hoping for the crash that caused hard-working families
in California and across the country to lose their homes."

Trump shot back in a statement, saying he's "made a lot of money in down
markets."

___

US seeking death penalty in Charleston church massacre case

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Justice Department intends to seek the death penalty
against Dylann Roof, the man charged with killing nine black parishioners last
year in a church in Charleston, South Carolina, Attorney General Loretta Lynch
said Tuesday.

"The nature of the alleged crime and the resulting harm compelled this
decision," Lynch said in a brief statement that said the department had
considered "all relevant factual and legal issues."

Roof is awaiting trial on federal hate crime charges in connection with the June
17 Emanuel AME Church shooting, which contributed to a national conversation
about race relations and ultimately led to the removal of a Confederate battle
flag from the grounds of the South Carolina Statehouse.

Roof is also charged in state court with nine counts of murder, and South
Carolina prosecutors have already announced plans to seek the death penalty when
he stands trial on those charges next year. Solicitor Scarlett Wilson has said
she wants her case to be tried first.

Roof, who is white, appeared in photos waving Confederate flags and burning or
desecrating U.S. flags, and purportedly wrote of fomenting racial violence.
Survivors told police that he hurled racial insults during the attack. He was
arrested a day after the shootings when a motorist spotted his Confederate
license plate.

___

Forensic expert suggests explosion downed EgyptAir jet

CAIRO (AP) - Body parts recovered from the crash of EgyptAir Flight 804 showed
signs of burns and were so small that they suggested the jet was brought down by
an explosion, a member of the team examining the remains said Tuesday. But the
idea of a blast was promptly dismissed by the head of Egypt's forensic agency as
"baseless" speculation.

The cause of Thursday's crash of the EgyptAir jet flying from Paris to Cairo
that killed all 66 people aboard still has not been determined. Ships and planes
from Egypt, Greece, France, the United States and other nations are searching
the Mediterranean Sea north of the Egyptian port of Alexandria for the jet's
voice and flight data recorders, as well as more bodies and parts of the
aircraft.

Egypt's civil aviation minister has said he believes terrorism is a more likely
explanation than equipment failure or some other catastrophic event. But no hard
evidence has emerged on the cause, and no militant group has claimed to have
downed the jet. Leaked flight data indicated a sensor detected smoke in a
lavatory and a fault in two of the plane's cockpit windows in the final moments
of the flight.

An Egyptian forensic team was examining the remains of the victims for any
traces of explosives, according to a team member and a second official, both
speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to
reporters.

The team member said the fact that all 80 body parts recovered so far were very
small and that some showed signs of burns suggested an explosion.

___

Goodbye, empty nest: Millennials staying longer with parents

WASHINGTON (AP) - Many of America's young adults appear to be in no hurry to
move out of their old bedrooms.

For the first time on record, living with parents is now the most common
arrangement for people ages 18 to 34, an analysis of census data by the Pew
Research Center has found.

And the proportion of older millennials - those ages 25 to 34 - who are living
at home has reached its highest point (19 percent) on record, Pew analysts said.

Nearly one-third of all millennials live with their parents, slightly more than
the proportion who live with a spouse or partner. It's the first time that
living at home has outpaced living with a spouse for this age group since such
record-keeping began in 1880.

The remaining young adults are living alone, with other relatives, in college
dorms, as roommates or under other circumstances.

___

Louisiana set to expand hate-crimes laws to include police

BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) - Louisiana is poised to become the first state in the
nation to expand its hate-crime laws to protect police, firefighters and
emergency medical crews - a move that could stir the national debate over the
relationship between law enforcement and minorities.

If signed by the governor, the new law would allow prosecutors to seek greater
penalties against anyone convicted of intentionally targeting first responders
because of their profession.

Existing hate-crime laws provide for larger fines and longer prison terms if a
person is targeted because of race, gender, religion, nationality, sexual
orientation or affiliation with certain organizations.

The state House unanimously supported extending the laws, and the bill gained
overwhelming support in the state Senate. The measure met no objection from
committees in either chamber.

Gov. John Bel Edwards, a Democrat whose grandfather, father and brother have
served as sheriffs, is expected to sign the bill into law this week, said his
spokeswoman, Shauna Sanford.

___

Atlanta, Miami, Los Angeles selected to host Super Bowls

CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - If you spend billions of dollars to build it, they will
come.

Three times over.

The NFL awarded Super Bowls to Atlanta, Miami and Los Angeles, three cities that
made significant financial investments in new stadiums or recently upgraded an
existing one. Atlanta will host the game in 2019, followed by Miami (2020) and
Los Angeles (2021), it was announced Tuesday at the NFL owners meetings.

"I think if they find guys like me that are willing to do it, I think they want
to show them that it is worthwhile," Rams owner Stan Kroenke said.

Atlanta will host its third Super Bowl, but the first at its new $1.4 billion
stadium which opens in 2017. The previous two were at the Georgia Dome.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 2:49 AM GMT

San Francisco retains immigrant sanctuary protections

BYLINE: By JANIE HAR, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Despite national outrage after a Mexican man killed a woman
along a waterfront pier, San Francisco officials upheld the city's strict
sanctuary protections for people who are in the country illegally.

The Board of Supervisors voted unanimously on Tuesday for a measure that
clarifies when city workers, including police officers, can notify Immigration
and Customs Enforcement of a person's immigration status. Generally, the
defendant must be charged with a violent crime and is someone who has been
convicted of a violent crime within the past seven years.

The measure, however, also grants San Francisco's sheriff leeway to contact
immigration authorities in the limited cases of defendants charged with a felony
if they have been convicted of other felonies in the past.

The vote comes at a time of deep distrust between law enforcement and minority
communities in San Francisco. Last week, the police chief was forced to resign
after officers shot to death an unarmed black woman, the third such death since
December.

Advocates of sanctuary protections at the board meeting cheered the proposal's
passage, even with the discretions given the sheriff. They say that a clear
division between local law enforcement and federal immigration authorities is
needed to foster trust. The sanctuary law dates back to 1989.

The killing of Kate Steinle in July 2015 and the arrest of Juan Francisco
Lopez-Sanchez put San Francisco's leaders on the defensive as critics and
outside politicians, including presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald
Trump, called for a change in the city's sanctuary law.

The sheriff at the time, Ross Mirkarimi, cited the law in defending the release
of the man, a repeat drug offender and habitual border-crosser. Mirkarimi,
already facing tough re-election prospects, lost to a candidate who said she
would have considered greater communication between the city and federal
government.

That sheriff, Vicki Hennessy, fought the board's original proposal and said her
office should have more discretion. As a constitutionally elected officer, she
does not have to follow board orders.

Supervisor John Avalos, the measure's chief sponsor, said that a judge must find
that the defendant is likely guilty of a violent felony before the rule can kick
in. That's a higher standard than a simple charge by the district attorney's
office, he said.

"This is actually legislation that sets a clear standard for how we practice our
sanctuary-city policies in San Francisco," Avalos said.

Hennessy said she worked on a compromise because she "felt it was better for the
city to have one unified policy and still have more options for review than what
we have now."

The ordinance allows the sheriff to share release information with ICE if the
person is charged with a felony and has been convicted of one serious felony or
convicted of three other qualifying felonies within the previous five years.

Hennessey said Tuesday that she would not have contacted ICE in the case of
Lopez-Sanchez because he was not wanted on a felony.

"We reached agreement that will serve public safety, family unity and bring our
community together," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 2:22 AM GMT

In two-front war, Clinton targets Trump's housing crash gain

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS and LISA LERER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 879 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Hillary Clinton and her Democratic allies dove deeper into
Donald Trump's record Tuesday, launching a new round of attacks designed to
paint the billionaire businessman as profiting off the housing crisis that hurt
millions of Americans.

As she has for weeks, Clinton avoided all mention of primary challenger Bernie
Sanders, even as both campaigned in California ahead of the state's June 7
primary. Instead, she focused on Trump, trying to use the presumptive Republican
nominee's words against him.

"You know what happened in the great recession. Donald Trump said when he was
talking about the possibility of a housing market crash before the great
recession, he said, 'I sort of hope that happens,'" Clinton told union workers
in Los Angeles.

"He actually said he was hoping for the crash that caused hard-working families
in California and across the country to lose their homes."

Trump shot back in a statement, saying he's "made a lot of money in down
markets."

"Frankly, this is the kind of thinking our country needs, understanding how to
get a good result out of a very bad and sad situation."

Clinton's attacks were echoed by her campaign and Democrats across the country,
who highlighted comments Trump made in 2006 saying he "sort of hopes" the
housing bubble would burst because "people like me could make a lot of money."

"What kind of a man does that? Root for people to get thrown out on the street?"
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren said of Trump in a speech Tuesday night.
"I'll tell you exactly what kind - a man who cares about no one but himself. A
small, insecure moneygrubber who doesn't care who gets hurt."

In an email to The Associated Press in response to questions about Warren's
remarks, Trump said: "She's one of the least successful Senators in the U.S.
Senate. I borrowed $1 million dollars and turned it into a great $10
billion-dollar company in a relatively short period of time."

The new assault comes as Democrats try to hone their most powerful lines of
attacks against Trump. More than half of Clinton's address in Los Angeles was
devoted to criticizing Trump's foreign policy record, economic policies and
personal finances, including his unwillingness to release his tax returns.

Clinton is attempting to turn her attention to Trump even as she continues to
face a two-front war against both Trump and Sanders.

Sanders' campaign launched a $1.5 million ad buy in California on Tuesday and
announced it would seek a recanvass in last week's Kentucky primary, where he
trailed Clinton by less than one-half of 1 percent. The recanvass, which is not
a recount, involves reviewing the election results but is unlikely to change the
results or the awarding of delegates.

In California, Clinton hopes to make a statement in a contest that will
effectively end the primaries and encourage the party to coalesce around her
candidacy. Clinton is targeting Latino and black voters, who have typically
backed her candidacy in high numbers, as she campaigns across the state.

Sanders, meanwhile, hopes that winning a large share of the state's 475
delegates will give him momentum heading into the party's Philadelphia
convention in July. He is barnstorming the state, holding multiple rallies a day
in hopes of connecting directly with grassroots supporters.

"If we win big in California, we're going to go marching into the Democratic
convention with a lot of momentum," Sanders said to cheers at a rally on the
outskirts of Disneyland. "And if we go marching into the Democratic convention
with a lot of momentum, we're going to march out with the Democratic nomination.
And if we march out with the Democratic nomination, Donald Trump is toast."

Entering the final contests in June, Clinton leads Sanders by 271 pledged
delegates according to a count by The Associated Press, but the self-described
democratic socialist has vowed to soldier on and amass as many delegates as
possible.

Clinton holds a substantial lead with party leaders and elected officials,
called superdelegates, and is on track to clinch the nomination through the
combination of pledged delegates and superdelegates after contests in
California, New Jersey and four other states on June 7.

But despite the math, some Democrats are concerned that Sanders' tactics could
make it more difficult to unite in the summer. In an AP interview Monday,
Sanders said the process of crafting the party's platform and holding its
convention could be "messy," adding, "Democracy is messy."

He does not make as many references to Clinton in his stump speech as he did
weeks ago. But in Anaheim, the crowd booed when he told them Clinton "has a
number of super PACs and she is also raising significant sums from Wall Street."

Party leaders hope that as his path to the nomination continues to narrow,
Sanders will tone down his attacks against Clinton.

"We should kind of lay off Bernie a little bit," Senate minority leader Harry
Reid told reporters in Washington. "Bernie's a good man, he tries to do the
right thing, and I think everything'll work out well."

__

Thomas reported from Anaheim, California. Associated Press writer Jill Colvin
contributed from Albuquerque, New Mexico.

__

On Twitter follow Ken Thomas https://twitter.com/KThomasDC and Lisa Lerer
https://twitter.com/llerer

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 1:38 AM GMT

Group of 7 seeks way forward for aging, faltering economies

BYLINE: By ELAINE KURTENBACH and PAUL WISEMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1194 words

DATELINE: TOKYO


TOKYO (AP) - Leaders of the Group of Seven rich nations will undoubtedly voice
unity over fighting terrorism, pandemics and tax evasion at their summit in
Japan this week. Finding a consensus on how to breathe life into their sluggish
economies is proving more elusive.

Aging workforces, sagging productivity and lingering damage from the 2008
financial crisis are complicating efforts to spur growth while the effects of
the slowdown in China and the other big developing economies ripple across the
globe.

At a pre-summit meeting in northern Japan's Sendai, finance ministers and
central bank governors of the G7 failed to concur on a coordinated approach to
fighting what Nobel prize-winning economist Joseph E. Stiglitz calls the "Great
Malaise."

They did agree the world's growth engine is running on fumes: "We as the G7
believe the biggest economic problem is demand. Demand - there is no demand -
and that is the biggest problem around the world," said Japan's finance
minister, Taro Aso.

The reluctance of consumers to buy and businesses to invest, despite rock-bottom
interest rates, has caught economists by surprise and policymakers flatfooted,
as the IMF, World Bank and governments repeatedly have had to downgrade overly
rosy forecasts.

Last month, the IMF lowered the economic growth projection for 2016 and 2017 for
the world's advanced economies, including Europe, the United States and Japan,
where collectively growth has remained below 2 percent since 2010.

"It's a difficult environment indeed," PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi said last month
in announcing a drop in her company's first-quarter sales and profits. "Most of
the developed world outside the United States is grappling with slow growth."

When G7 meetings began in the 1970s, Japan was in the midst of its post-World
War II industrial boom. Growth peaked in the late 1980s, and has mostly
stagnated since a massive stock market and lending bubble imploded in the early
1990s. It has continued to limp and languish despite massive public works
spending and, more recently, a barrage of monetary stimulus.

In Sendai, U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and other officials said
coordinating growth strategies was difficult given the varied challenges and
resource constraints of each country.

"It's not a one-size-fits-all," Lew said. Nonetheless, he made a point of urging
Japan not to derail its faltering recovery with a sales tax hike planned for
next year and cautioned Tokyo against intervening to drive the yen weaker for
the sake of its exporters.

The IMF says advanced economies could get a healthy economic payoff by investing
in research and development, roads, bridges and other infrastructure, and to
rewrite tax codes that discourage people from working.

Instead, governments have tended to rely on central banks to keep interest rates
low, or - in Japan and Europe - even negative.

Meanwhile, some economists, notably Robert Gordon at Northwestern University,
worry the world lacks the kinds of technological advances needed to drive up
productivity and growth.

Japan's population is shrinking and aging the fastest among G7 countries, and
its predicament is deepened by productivity that lags behind its G7 peers.

The country appeared poised for a revival, emerging from recession as Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe took office in late 2012, promising to "bring Japan back"
with share price-plumping plans to fire up growth through government spending
and a flood of stimulus from the central bank.

The "Abenomics" three-pronged combination of monetary easing, government
spending and structural reforms was supposed to end deflation and get households
and businesses to spend more in the sort of "virtuous" cycle all major economies
have been striving for ever since the global financial crisis.

The Bank of Japan's "big bazooka" of monetary easing pumped trillions of dollars
into the economy, helping to weaken the yen against the U.S. dollar as profits
of big exporters like Toyota Motor Corp. soared.

But Japan is still dipping in and out of recession, and a 2 percent inflation
target remains far beyond reach. Recent data show the outlook deteriorating,
despite a 1.6 percent uptick in annual growth in January-March.

After more than three years, Abenomics is viewed mainly as a "marketing slogan,"
said Kenneth S. Courtis, chairman of Starfort Holdings and a former Asia vice
chairman at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Japan needs to "take a blowtorch" to
regulations and red tape that discourage competition, he says.

"There's a much more critical view of the Abe regime today than in the past," he
said.

Most Japanese companies simply are not investing in their shrinking domestic
market, even after the Bank of Japan pushed interest rates on some bank deposits
it is holding below zero.

The G7 summit venue of Ise once was a center for silk and cotton processing and
shipbuilding. Today, its main industries are pearls, "Matsuzaka" fat-marbled
beef and tourism.

The region is picturesque but sparsely populated: Villages have been emptying
out for decades as businesses, mines and entire communities were abandoned.

Some were casualties of earlier shifts in the global market, as factories
migrated to China and other developing countries.

Stalling growth is not unique to rural Japan: Long-term economic growth in each
of the G7 countries is the worst it has been since the annual summits began 42
years ago, says Howard Rosen, an independent economist based in Washington.

In the advanced economies, automation and online commerce have meant the
disappearance of many skilled, high-wage jobs. To a growing extent, the meager
or unpredictable pay of service-sector and contract or part-time work is sapping
consumers' purchasing power.

As the usual policy tools fail, for the G7 as a whole what prevails is
uncertainty, said Dave Tilstone, president of the National Tooling and Machining
Association.

His group's members are showing "a lot more hesitation, more than before, to
make long-term commitments. Their customers just aren't getting those long-term
contracts either," he said.

Looming unknowns include the ups and downs of oil prices; whether the Federal
Reserve will raise interest rates again, possibly slowing the U.S. economy;
whether Britain will opt to leave the European Union in a June 23 vote; and the
outcome of the U.S. presidential election, which could put Donald Trump in the
White House.

Europe is struggling with floods of refugees, as its banks, still holding bad
debts left over from the financial crisis, remain wary of lending.

"There are deep holes in the banking system, and there is no appetite to deal
with it," said Ashoka Mody, visiting professor at Princeton University. "Someone
has to bear the losses and no one wants to deal with the losses."

Though Germany alone has kept its conservative stance toward spending, the other
G7 members have been constrained in varying degrees by law, politics and
financial limitations from pursuing needed spending increases.

"Years ago, they came out with a coordinated growth plan and everyone kicked
into gear," said Courtis. "Now there are very different views and that's what's
paralyzed the G7."

___

Wiseman reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 25, 2016 Wednesday 1:33 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Wednesday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 318 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. BILL COSBY IS ORDERED TO STAND TRIAL IN SEX CASE

The comedian could get 10 years in prison if convicted. He is currently free on
$1 million bail.

2. WHO SEEKS BETTER TIES WITH U.S. FOES

Obama hopes he can prove the benefits of his softer approach to Vietnam, Iran,
Cuba and Myanmar before he hands control to a successor in January.

3. WHICH PUNISHMENT U.S. SEEKS IN CHARLESTON CHURCH MASSACRE CASE

Dylann Roof, the man charged with killing nine black parishioners last year,
will face death penalty trials, the Justice Department announces.

4. HOW TRUMP EXPLAINS DECISION TO SEEK DONATIONS

The candidate tells The AP that his about-face from self-funded candidate to one
who relies on donors is happening only at the request of the Republican National
Committee.

5. EXPERT SUGGESTS EXPLOSION DOWNED EGYPTAIR JET

The idea of a blast is promptly dismissed by the head of Egypt's forensic agency
as "baseless" speculation.

6. FRENCH RAID GOOGLE IN LATEST PROBE INTO TECH'S TAX TACTICS

The move marks one of Europe's most conspicuous attempts yet to cast the U.S.
technology leader as a manipulative scofflaw.

7. WHAT'S NOT LIKELY TO EASE AIRPORT SECURITY LINES

The ouster of the TSA top security official doesn't address the agency's primary
problem: insufficient personnel to quickly screen crowds of travelers and their
carry-on luggage.

8. MONSANTO REJECTS $62B BAYER BID

However, the seed company suggests that a better offer might be accepted, saying
that it remains open to talks.

9. BORN DEAF, 11-YEAR-OLD IS AMONG NATION'S TOP SPELLERS

After receiving cochlear implants in both ears as a baby, Neil Maes had to train
his brain to understand spoken words.

10. ATLANTA, MIAMI, LOS ANGELES SELECTED TO HOST SUPER BOWLS

The three cities make significant financial investments in new stadiums or
upgrade an existing one.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 11:26 PM GMT

New US ambassador to Mexico arrives to take up post

BYLINE: By PETER ORSI, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: MEXICO CITY


MEXICO CITY (AP) - Roberta Jacobson arrived to assume her new role as the United
States ambassador to Mexico on Thursday, coming at a time when immigration and
Mexican trade have been heated themes in the U.S. presidential campaign.

Considered among the U.S. diplomats most knowledgeable about the region,
Jacobson said in briefs remarks in Spanish upon her arrival that she was excited
and confident there would be "excellent communication" between the U.S. and
Mexico.

"I have the intention to travel far and wide in Mexico to get to know the unique
attributes of each region and to be able to listen to Mexicans in person," she
said.

Antonio Garza, U.S. ambassador to Mexico in 2002-2009, called Jacobson "an
extraordinarily able diplomat" and "the best of a generation when it comes to
Latin America."

In terms of the binational themes getting traction in the U.S. election
campaign, Garza said, "I think her position is largely going to be somewhat
neutral but to comment as factually as possible on the assertions that the
candidates might make."

Donald Trump, who on Thursday reached the number of delegates necessary to
clinch the Republican presidential nomination, has infuriated many in Mexico by
accusing Mexican migrants of being "rapists" and by promising to make Mexico pay
for a larger border wall.

In an effort to emphasize the contributions that Mexican immigrants make in the
U.S., Mexico's government recently named a new ambassador to Washington.

Garza said Jacobson is also expected to engage the Mexican government on issues
of human rights and security.

"It's a function of deftly managing those issues that might get her 'crosswise'
with her host government, and I think she'll do a great job there, but those are
the land mines," Garza said.

Prior to being named ambassador by President Barack Obama, Jacobson was
assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs. In that position,
she was deeply involved in negotiations to restore diplomatic relations between
the U.S. and Cuba after five decades of estrangement.

According to diplomatic rules, Jacobson must present her credentials to
President Enrique Pena Nieto before fully assuming her duties. No date had been
set for that.

Jacobson had to wait months before her position was assured. Obama nominated her
in June and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved her nomination in
November. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, an unsuccessful candidate for the
Republican presidential nomination, for a time blocked a vote because of the
role she played in normalizing relations with Cuba.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 10:16 PM GMT

Obama: Allies 'rattled' by Trump; Trump blasts Obama

BYLINE: By NANCY BENAC, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: SHIMA, Japan


SHIMA, Japan (AP) - President Barack Obama said Thursday that foreign leaders
are "rattled" by Donald Trump and have good reason to feel that way, as he
accused the presumptive Republican presidential nominee of ignorance about world
affairs.

Weighing in on the Democratic race to replace him, Obama also downplayed
concerns that the protracted fight between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders is
hurting his party's chances, brushing off their escalating attacks as the
inevitable "grumpiness" of a primary campaign.

Obama offered his assessment of the presidential campaign on the sidelines of a
Group of Seven advanced economies summit in Japan, the latest world gathering to
be colored by global concerns about Trump. Obama said foreign leaders at the
conference were unsure how seriously to take his pronouncements.

"They are rattled by it - and for good reason," Obama said. "Because a lot of
the proposals he has made display either ignorance of world affairs, or a
cavalier attitude, or an interest in getting tweets and headlines."

Trump, campaigning in Bismarck, N.D., lashed back at Obama, saying "he's a
person who's done a terrible job." Referring to foreign leaders, Trump said, "If
they're rattled in a friendly way, that's a good thing, not a bad thing."

Questions about the unpredictable Trump have increasingly trailed Obama when he
travels overseas, with world leaders incredulously sizing up a leading
presidential candidate who speaks of banning Muslim immigration, starting trade
wars and spreading nuclear weapons to Japan and South Korea. Obama has said that
Trump now comes up in every one of his foreign meetings, with the president
offering reassurances that he doesn't believe Trump will be elected.

Though Obama has generally avoided opining on the presidential race as the
Democratic primary as it continues to play out, he's made no secret of his
distaste for Trump, whose election would mark a sharp departure from Obama in
both tone and substance. In addition to opposing the sweeping Asia-Pacific free
trade deal that Obama brokered, Trump has threatened to renegotiate Obama's
nuclear deal with Iran and the global climate pact reached in Paris.

Obama, taking questions the day before he pays a historic visit to Hiroshima,
said foreign countries pay more attention to U.S. elections than Americans do to
theirs because they count on the U.S. to provide stability and direction in
addressing global challenges.

"I think it's fair to say they are surprised by the Republican nominee," Obama
said, referring to Trump.

Obama's comments to reporters came amid growing Democratic impatience to see the
party unite behind Clinton, who is close to netting the number of delegates
needed for the nomination but has been unable to persuade Sanders to exit the
race. Many Democrats, including prominent senators, have started publicly
voicing frustration with Sanders, who shows no signs of a quick departure
despite near-impossible odds of overtaking Clinton.

Rather, Sanders has warned of a potentially "messy" Democratic Convention in
Philadelphia in July, stoking concerns for the Democratic Party and for
Clinton's campaign, both of which are eager to shift their focus to attacking
Trump and courting voters needed to win the general election in November.

Yet Obama brushed off calls for him to get more personally involved in brokering
a resolution, saying that he's still inclined to let the Democratic primary play
itself out. He likened the hard-fought campaign between Clinton and Sanders to
the one he waged with Clinton in 2008.

"During primaries, people get a little grumpy with each other. Somebody's
supporter pops off and there's a certain buildup of aggravation," Obama said.
"Every little speed bump, conflict trash-talking that takes place is elevated."

He urged both Democratic candidates to "try to stick to the issues," adding that
the grumpiness often stems from voters' frustration when the campaign instead
becomes dominated by talk about "personalities and character."

Asked about the Taliban's new leader, Obama said he was not optimistic about a
change for the better any time soon despite the U.S. drone strike that killed
former Taliban chief Mullah Akhtar Mansour, who had refused to engage in
reconciliation talks with Afghanistan's government.

Mansour's replacement, Mullah Haibatullah Akhundzada, has signaled intentions to
continue Mansour's aggressive approach. But Obama said he never expected "a
liberal Democrat" to be the newly appointed leader of the Taliban.

"In the short term, we anticipate the Taliban will continue to pursue an agenda
of violence," Obama said. He added that he was hopeful that eventually "when
there are those within the community that surround the Taliban that recognize
their goals are best achieved by negotiations."

___

Associated Press writer Josh Lederman in Washington contributed to this report.

___

Follow Nancy Benac on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/nbenac

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 10:13 PM GMT

Republican hopes to unseat Senate's longest-serving member

BYLINE: By DAVE GRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: MONTPELIER, Vt.


MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) - Republican Scott Milne made it official Thursday: He's
looking to unseat the U.S. Senate's longest-serving member, Vermont Democrat
Patrick Leahy.

The 57-year-old businessman was a political newcomer in 2014 when he ran a
surprisingly strong but ultimately unsuccessful race against incumbent
Democratic Gov. Peter Shumlin.

Milne, president of a family-owned travel agency, said in a statement Thursday
he would file nominating papers before the deadline for doing so, which was the
close of business Thursday at the secretary of state's office. An official in
that office's elections division later confirmed receipt of Milne's petitions.

Milne said Leahy, 76, "has never had a real job," adding that the 42-year Senate
veteran is "the definition of a career politician, and I believe career
politicians are why our country is in the sad condition it is in."

A Milne campaign aide did not respond to a follow-up question about whether
Milne thinks the U.S. senator position he'd be seeking is not a real job.

Leahy served as Chittenden County state's attorney before his 1974 election to
the Senate.

Milne's statement did not identify any policy differences with the strongly
liberal Leahy.

Milne left himself an out. While the nominating petitions make him an official
candidate who will appear on the Republican ballot in the Aug. 9 primary in
Vermont, he said in his statement that he "will continue to talk with Vermonters
as he explores a potential candidacy," and plans to make a "formal announcement
of his intentions" in July.

Leahy's campaign manager, Carolyn Dwyer, said Milne "set a new standard in
Vermont by running a 100 percent negative campaign before even filing to become
a candidate. That may be the Trump way but it's not the Vermont way," she added,
in a reference to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.

Asked whether the Leahy campaign would to try to tie Milne to the Republican
standard-bearer, Dwyer said, "Our intention is to focus on an issue oriented
campaign, as we have in past campaigns and as we believe Vermonters expect from
their candidates. Trump's name only came up because Mr. Milne is so obviously
employing Trump style tactics: ready, fire, aim."

Leahy, who served as the Senate Judiciary Committee chairman when Democrats were
in power, has been a leading supporter of the liberal position on a wide range
of issues. He has been outspoken in support of civil rights, women's rights and
gay rights. He played a key Senate role in normalization of relations with Cuba.
He's been critical of the USA Patriot Act and government surveillance directed
at electronic communications.

When Milne ran against Shumlin in 2014, Shumlin won with 46.5 percent of the
vote to Milne's 45.2 percent.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 9:45 PM GMT

Trump agrees to debate Sanders but sets stiff price

BYLINE: By LAURIE KELLMAN and DAVID BAUDER, Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump has provisionally accepted Bernie Sanders'
proposal to debate, but the billionaire is setting a high price for
participating. His condition: The hosting TV network would have to put up
millions of dollars for charity.

Representatives for Fox News, ABC News and CBS News say the networks are
interested in hosting such a showdown but would not comment on whether they'd be
willing to put up the $10 million Trump is demanding for women's health causes.
"We're always interested in more opportunities to hear from the candidates,"
said ABC spokeswoman Julie Townsend.

Trump said Thursday a host network would make millions from sky-high ratings and
should agree to turn over at least $10 million to women's health causes.

Overlooking the impediment of Trump's price tag on his acceptance, Sanders
tweeted that he was delighted that Trump accepted, adding: "Let's do it in the
biggest stadium possible."

Trump and Sanders see potential benefits for pursuing a prime-time event that
would be unprecedented, pitting the presumptive Republican nominee against the
clear Democratic underdog - and excluding likely Democratic nominee Hillary
Clinton.

But it's far from clear any such showdown will happen. In September, Trump
proposed that CNN donate profits from the second GOP debate to charity. CNN
never responded to the request, and the idea was dropped.

Clinton told reporters Thursday that she understood the proposal for a Sanders-
Trump debate was "a joke" and she's looking forward to debating Trump in the
general election campaign. Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said the idea was no
joke. "We're serious and hope Mr. Trump is, too," Briggs said.

He said Clinton declined to join Sanders in another Democratic debate. "The
Clinton campaign had its chance but chose instead to insult the voters of
California by reneging on her commitment to a debate here in May," Briggs said.
He was referring to the June 7 California primary.

Leaving out Clinton could have the effect of belittling her, despite her
commanding position on the verge of the Democratic nomination, and could give
both men free shots at her decades in public service as part of the
establishment they both deride.

For the publicity-loving Trump, such an event would allow him to make a pitch
for Sanders supporters who are watching, along the lines of the populism that
both men profess. Lately, Trump has been saying that Sanders is right on some
issues, although they are fundamentally far apart on many.

For Sanders, appearing onstage with fellow native New Yorker Donald Trump would
draw attention beyond his larger-than-expected base of young supporters.

Kelly McBride, a journalistic ethics expert and vice president at the Poynter
Institute, said the idea of a charitable donation as a requirement "creates the
perception of a conflict of interest but I don't think it creates a real
conflict of interest." She said networks already compromise themselves by
negotiating with campaigns over the moderators and formats for debates.

The back and forth came the same day an Associated Press count of GOP delegates
found that Trump has enough support to exceed the 1,237 delegates required to
win the GOP nomination. Sanders, in contrast, is far behind Clinton, who is 75
delegates short of the 2,383 needed to win the Democratic nomination. Clinton
has commitments of support from 2,308 delegates to Sanders' 1,539.

___

Bauder reported from New York. Associated Press writers Ken Thomas and Hope Yen
contributed to this report.

___

Follow Kellman and Bauder on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/APLaurieKellman
and http://www.twitter.com/dbauder

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 9:16 PM GMT

Origin of key Clinton emails from report are a mystery

BYLINE: By STEPHEN BRAUN, JACK GILLUM and CHAD DAY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 979 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was supposed
to have turned over all work-related emails to the State Department to be
released to the public. But an agency audit found at least three emails never
seen before - including Clinton's own explanation of why she wanted her emails
kept private.

After 14 months of public scrutiny and skepticism over Clinton's motives in
keeping her emails secret, new questions emerged Thursday. They centered on her
apparent failure to turn over a November 2010 message in which she worried that
her personal messages could become accessible to outsiders, along with two other
messages a year later that divulged possible security weaknesses in the home
email system she used while secretary of state.

The Clinton campaign has previously denied that her home server was breached,
but newly revealed emails show an aide worried it could have been compromised.

The existence of these previously unreleased messages - which appear to have
been found among electronic files of four former top Clinton State Department
aides - renews concerns that Clinton was not completely forthcoming when she
turned over a trove of 55,000 pages of work-related emails. And it has drawn
fresh criticism from presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

On Thursday, Clinton said she had been forthcoming with her personal emails.

"I have provided all of my work-related emails, and I've asked that they be made
public, and I think that demonstrates that I wanted to make sure that this
information was part of the official records," Clinton said, according to an
interview transcript provided by ABC News.

Most of those messages have been made public by the State Department over the
past year due to both a court order and Clinton's willingness to turn them over.
But hundreds were censored for national security reasons and 22 emails were
completely withheld because the agency said they contained top secret material -
a matter now under investigation by the FBI.

Clinton said in March 2015 that she would turn over all work-related emails to
the State Department after removing private messages that contained personal and
family material. "No one wants their personal emails made public and I think
most people understand that and respect their privacy," she said after her
exclusive use of private emails to conduct State Department business was
confirmed by media reports.

Senate investigators have asked for numerous emails about Clinton's server as
part of their own inquiry into Clinton's email practices in recent months, but
they didn't get copies of key messages made public by the State Department's own
watchdog this week, a senior Republican senator said Thursday.

"It is disturbing that the State Department knew it had emails like this and
turned them over to the inspector general, but not to Congress," said Iowa Sen.
Charles Grassley, the chair of the Senate judiciary committee that's been
probing Clinton's use of a private server.

The emails appear to contain work-related passages, raising questions about why
they were not turned over to the State Department last year. The inspector
general noted that Clinton's production of work-related emails was "incomplete,"
missing not only the three emails but numerous others covering Clinton's first
four months in office.

The inspector general also found Clinton's email set up violated agency policies
and could have left sensitive government information vulnerable to cyberattacks.
But Thursday, Clinton told ABC News her use of the personal email was "allowed,"
saying that "the rules have been clarified since I left."

The Clinton campaign permitted one reporter from ABC News to ask the candidate
questions. Other outlets were later provided with a transcript. A spokesman for
the Clinton campaign did not respond to emailed questions Thursday. An inspector
general's spokesman declined to discuss the report.

The report said the inspector general was able to reconstruct some of Clinton's
missing emails by searching the email files of four former Clinton aides who had
turned over thousands of pages of communications in 2015 at the request of the
State Department, which is defending itself in multiple public records lawsuits,
including one filed by The Associated Press. The four aides who turned over
those files, according to the report, were Clinton's former chief of staff,
Cheryl Mills, and top aides Huma Abedin, Jake Sullivan and Philippe Reines.

Abedin was the aide who authored the key email in November 2010 that provoked
Clinton's concerns about outsiders obtaining her personal emails. After the
State Department's computer spam filters apparently prevented Clinton from
sending a message to all department employees from her private server, Abedin
suggested that she either open an official agency email or make her private
address available to the agency.

Clinton told Abedin she was open to getting a separate email address but didn't
want "any risk of the personal being accessible." Clinton never used an official
State Department address, only using several private addresses to communicate.
Abedin, Mills, Sullivan and Reines all also used private email addresses to
conduct business, along with their government accounts.

Two other emails sent to Abedin were cited in the inspector general's report,
but also did not turn up among the emails released by Clinton. Those messages to
Abedin contained warnings in January 2011 from an unidentified aide to former
President Bill Clinton who said he had to shut down Hillary Clinton's New
York-based server because of suspected hacking attacks.

In response, Abedin warned Mills and Sullivan not to email Clinton "anything
sensitive" and said she would "explain more in person."

___

Follow on Twitter: Jack Gillum at https://twitter.com/jackgillum and Chad Day at
https://twitter.com/chadsday

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 9:07 PM GMT

Libertarian Gary Johnson to never-Trumpers: 'I'm it'

BYLINE: By STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 958 words

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY


SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - He has virtually no money, no strategy to compete in
battleground states and no plan to stop talking about his drug use.

Yet with the Republican Party facing the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency,
Libertarian presidential hopeful Gary Johnson could be a factor in 2016. The
former two-term New Mexico governor, a Republican businessman perhaps best known
for his yearslong push to legalize marijuana, has a sobering message for a
"never-Trump" movement desperately seeking a viable alternative.

"I will be the only third-party candidate on the ballot in all 50 states,"
Johnson says. "I'm it."

He is not their top choice, and he must first clinch the Libertarian nomination
at this weekend's national convention, but the quirky White House hopeful may be
the GOP's best, last chance to stop a New York billionaire some fear is
destroying the soul of their party.

The Trump haters have struggled to convince other third-party prospects to join
the presidential contest. They've courted the likes of 2012 GOP nominee Mitt
Romney, Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn, Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse and retired Marine
Corps General James Mattis to no avail.

And with ballot access deadlines already starting to pass, some say Johnson is
beginning to look like the most legitimate alternative, even if he earned just 1
percent of the national vote in the last presidential contest.

He strengthened his position this week by adding running mate William Weld, a
well-respected former Massachusetts governor who raised tens of thousands of
dollars for Romney's presidential runs. They represent one of the strongest
Libertarian tickets in memory, although would-be supporters are not yet sold.

"To be clear, the reports of the death of the non-Libertarian third-party effort
are greatly exaggerated. I understand there are still plenty of irons in the
fire," said conservative columnist Quin Hillyer, who has vowed not to support
Trump this fall.

"Never Trump means never Trump," Hillyer added. "At the very least it'll be Gary
Johnson on the Libertarian ticket."

Johnson's longshot campaign is based in Salt Lake City, home to his most trusted
political adviser and in a state where Trump finished a distant third place in
March's Republican primary election. The local presence of Johnson's
headquarters was a surprise to many Utah state legislators who met with the
Libertarian candidate inside the state house last week.

A handful of lawmakers in both parties were receptive.

"Utah understands how dangerous Trump is," said Howard Stephenson, a Republican
state senator who had warm words for Johnson. "We're looking for someone to vote
for."

Johnson's political strategy is simple.

With just $35,000 in his campaign coffers at the end of March, he doesn't have
the money for TV ads, poll-tested messaging, or a paid presence in battleground
states where Trump and likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton are already
beginning to invest resources.

Johnson is instead relying on an intensifying schedule of media appearances to
boost his name recognition in an effort to reach the necessary 15 percent
threshold to qualify for the presidential debates this fall.

"We cannot go into a battleground state and compete," said Johnson's senior
strategist Ron Nielson, citing the high cost of running a campaign in states
like Florida or Ohio.

The Johnson campaign will instead focus its resources on cheaper states where
libertarians have done well in the past, places like Alaska, maybe New
Hampshire, he says.

Yet Trump's Republican critics don't necessarily need to find a candidate who
can win. Many are seeking a legitimate protest candidate where they could focus
their anti-Trump energy. Should that candidate earn even a few percentage points
in key states this fall, it could hurt Trump's chances.

"Gary will be an outlet for millions of Americans who just can't fathom the idea
of voting for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump," said Ed Crane, who co-founded
the libertarian-leaning Cato Institute and now runs a super PAC he says may
support Johnson "down the road."

It's no guarantee, however, that Johnson will earn the Libertarian presidential
nomination. He must first beat back aggressive challenges at the party's
national convention in Orlando this weekend. Software entrepreneur John McAfee
and Libertarian activist Austin Petersen are also seeking the nomination.

Johnson represents a set of policies that do not line up perfectly with
Republicans or Libertarians.

He embraces fiscal conservatism, but not to the lengths that some hardline
anti-government libertarians would like. He considers himself a liberal on
social issues, supporting same-sex marriage and abortion rights. And he supports
a non-interventionalist foreign policy that focuses on America's challenges at
home.

Many know him best for his repeated calls to legalize drugs.

Johnson largely focuses his energy on marijuana, but also suggests that concern
over narcotics such as heroin are exaggerated compared to the impact of alcohol
or even smoking cigarettes. He is a regular marijuana user, noting that he most
recently took an edible form of the drug three weeks ago.

"I'm one of the 100 million Americans that do this. If that disqualifies me from
being president, so be it," he told The Associated Press, adding that he
recently purchased the drug legally in Colorado but illegally transported it
back to his home in New Mexico.

"Sure, I'm in the tens of thousands of those that are guilty of that
phenomenon," he says.

He promises not consume marijuana if elected president, however.

"I think the American people deserve to know that there will be a steady hand,"
he said. "And I would hope that my history regarding this stuff would bear out
the fact that I'm a pretty disciplined cat."

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 8:39 PM GMT

State Department email report complicates Clinton's message

BYLINE: By LISA LERER, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 915 words

DATELINE: LAS VEGAS


LAS VEGAS (AP) - Hillary Clinton is telling voters not to trust Donald Trump.
But a new government report about her usage of a private email server as
secretary of state is complicating that message.

The sharp rebuke from the State Department's inspector general, which found
Clinton did not seek legal approval for her personal email server, guarantees
that the issue will remain alive and well for the likely Democratic presidential
nominee for a second summer.

The former Secretary of State insisted Thursday that she had done nothing wrong.

"Well, it was allowed. And the rules have been clarified since I left about the
practice. Having said that, I have said many times, it was a mistake. And, if I
could go back, I would do it differently" Clinton said, according to an
interview transcript provided by ABC News.

Asked why she did not talk with State Department investigators, Clinton said she
had "answered numerous questions, we have posted information on our website and
the information that we had is out there." Clinton added that she has not been
interviewed as part of the ongoing FBI investigation into the email server, but
said she has offered and is "looking forward to seeing this matter wrapped up."

The new report comes at a particularly challenging time for the Clinton
campaign, as she faces a two-front war against presumptive GOP nominee Donald
Trump and primary rival Bernie Sanders.

Already, Clinton faces questions about her trustworthiness, with months of
polling showing voters give her low marks for integrity.

It's a narrative that Trump has been eager to encourage. In the early weeks of
his general election campaign he's dubbed Clinton "Crooked Hillary" - a moniker
intended to underscore questions about integrity.

And he's focused on the scandals of her husband's administration, insinuating
that questions still remain about those controversies.

"She had a little bad news today, as you know. Some reports came down, weren't
so good," Trump told thousands of supporters packed into the Anaheim Convention
Center. "Not so good. The inspector general's report - not good."

Sanders made no mention of the inspector general report during a rally in
Cathedral City, near Palm Springs, choosing instead to point to polls that show
him faring better against Trump than Clinton in hypothetical matchups.

Though he's declined to turn the email inquiries into a pivotal issue during the
primaries, Sanders has spent months questioning Clinton's record on economics,
foreign policy and even social issues, including same-sex marriage.

While she's a mere 74 delegates from capturing her party's nomination, Clinton
has been unable to edge her primary rival out of the race - or win over his most
passionate backers.

Clinton argued Thursday that the report was just a rehash of existing
information about her email setup.

"You know, this report makes clear that personal email use was the practice for
other secretaries of state. And I know that because it is well known, it's
pointed out in the report. But it was still a mistake," she said.

She also said that voters would look "at the full picture of what I have to
offer, my life, and my service," contrasting that with Trump, who she described
as an "unqualified loose cannon."

Clinton's campaign made the candidate available to one reporter Thursday and did
not give the Associated Press an opportunity to ask questions.

Clinton aides have highlighted that other officials failed to follow department
policy by using a personal account to conduct government business - specifically
Republican Colin Powell, who used a personal email account, but left them in a
government server at the end of his tenure.

But the new information released by the State Department does call into question
some claims made by Clinton herself, most notably her argument that she
appropriately preserved her correspondence and that she was happy to "talk to
anybody, anytime" about the matter.

Clinton and her aides declined to be interviewed for the investigation by the
State Department. She's said she made a mistake by setting up server in her New
York home and that she never sent or received anything marked classified at the
time.

Republicans seized upon those inconsistencies on Wednesday.

"This report underscores what we already know about Hillary Clinton: she simply
cannot be trusted," said House Majority Leader Paul Ryan, in a statement.

What worries Democrats more is what may be coming. The FBI investigation into
whether Clinton's use of a private server caused her to mishandle classified
information is still ongoing. Officials recently interviewed Clinton's top
aides, including former chief of staff Cheryl Mills and deputy chief of staff
Huma Abedin.

A federal indictment would cause serious damage to her campaign.

At least a few Democrats hope that voter's uneasiness with Clinton will be
outweighed by their dislike of Trump. Polling shows him performing little better
than Clinton. In a Washington Post-ABC News poll conducted earlier this month,
42 percent of Americans rated Clinton more trustworthy, while 40 percent said
Trump.

"Hillary has said it was a mistake to use private email, and has apologized for
it," said longtime Clinton aide Paul Begala. "Meanwhile Donald Trump is
promoting wild, cynical, noxious conspiracy theories about Vince Foster's
suicide. Has anyone asked him to apologize for that?"

___

Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed from Anaheim, California and Ken
Thomas from Cathedral City, California.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 8:22 PM GMT

At UN climate talks some worry about Brexit, Trump impacts

BYLINE: By KARL RITTER, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: BONN, Germany


BONN, Germany (AP) - Climate negotiators ended their first talks after last
year's landmark Paris Agreement on Thursday with some delegates expressing
concern about the potential impact of upcoming votes in the U.S. and Britain.

Britons will decide next month whether to remain in the European Union while
Americans will elect a new president in November.

The 28-member EU has vowed to reduce greenhouse emissions by at least 40 percent
by 2030 compared to 1990, but it's unclear what happens to that target if
Britain, the bloc's second biggest emitter, leaves the EU.

"I'm sure there will be some parties saying 'without the UK can we still reach
the at least 40 percent?'" Netherlands climate envoy Michel Rentenaar said at
the U.N. talks in Bonn. "I think we can, but that would be decided by the
remaining 27 member states."

Elina Bardram, the EU's chief negotiator, declined to speculate on how a British
exit would affect the bloc's climate policy.

"We are ... confident that the British public will vote to remain in the EU,"
she said.

The Paris Agreement in December requires countries to submit plans for reducing
or curbing their emissions and update them every five years.

Ajmad Abdulla, chief negotiator for small island nations at risk of rising seas,
said he was confident the EU would "stick with their target" regardless of the
outcome in the referendum.

A bigger unknown is what happens if Donald Trump, who has expressed skepticism
about man-made climate change, wins the U.S. election. In 2012, he tweeted that
"the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to
make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive."

The Obama administration has pledged to slash U.S. emissions by 26-28 percent by
2025, compared to 2005 levels.

Mohamed Adow, a climate policy expert at Christian Aid, a Britain-based charity,
said for the U.S. to backtrack on its Paris pledges would be "insulting," since
key elements of the deal were designed to accommodate U.S. negotiators.

For example, the EU and others dropped demands for the targets to be legally
binding so that the Obama administration could approve the deal without turning
to Congress.

Nick Nuttall, a spokesman for the U.N. climate secretariat, said he couldn't
imagine that any U.S. president would roll back efforts to cut emissions.

"In any political election there is a lot of talk but the reality of being in
office is very different so I think we'll have to watch that space," Nuttall
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 8:20 PM GMT

Many opt to take Social Security before full retirement age

BYLINE: By ADAM ALLINGTON, For The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Only on AP

LENGTH: 863 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO (AP) - Taking Social Security benefits early comes with a price, yet
more than 4 in 10 Americans who are 50 and over say they'll dip into the program
before reaching full retirement age.

An Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll released
Thursday found that 44 percent report Social Security will be their biggest
source of income during their retirement years.

Full benefits begin at 65 or 66 for those born between 1943 and 1954. Americans
can begin collecting as early as age 62, but with benefits reduced by up to 30
percent, according to the Social Security Administration.

"One thing we know for certain is that claiming early can have long-term
repercussions on your fiscal security as you age," said Gary Koenig, vice
president of Financial security at the AARP Public Policy Institute.

Koenig said benefits increase significantly for those who wait, rising around 8
percent more for each additional year past age 66 and up to 70, when benefits
max out.

"So we encourage people to delay as long as possible," he said.

But waiting is a luxury many Americans don't have.

Ken Chrzastek of Chicago began drawing Social Security benefits at age 62 and
pulled $50,000 out of an IRA after losing a retail job two years ago. He has
been unable to find even part-time work. "Hiring a 62-year-old is a liability
for a company," he said.

The poll found that Americans 50 and over have multiple sources of income for
retirement but that Social Security is the most common by far. Eighty-six
percent say they have or will have Social Security income. More than half had a
retirement account such as a 401(k), 403(b), or an IRA. Slightly less had other
savings. About 43 percent had a traditional pension.

The average age at which people expect to start or have started collecting
Social Security benefits is 64. Just 9 percent said they would wait until after
they turned 70.

While the retirement age has been rising in recent years, particularly for
women, the average American still retires relatively early, at age 64 for men
and age 62 for women, according to the Center for Retirement Research at Boston
College.

Charles Jeszeck, director of education, workforce and income security for the
Government Accountability Office, said there is no one right answer to when
people should take Social Security, especially since increases in life
expectancy are not spread out evenly between the rich and poor, or between
ethnic groups.

Included in any discussion about Social Security are lingering questions about
its solvency.

The Social Security trust fund has been running a surplus every year since 1984.
Those surpluses are forecast to stop sometime around 2020, as more boomers start
claiming benefits.

The Social Security Administration says interest income from the fund should be
able to bridge this gap until 2034. At that point, without changes, payments
could shrink but not disappear.

Gary Burtless, a Brookings Institution economist, said that people taking
benefits early - or late - should have no impact on the trust fund. "It costs
the government roughly the same amount," he said.

Among the presidential candidates, both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton have
called for an expansion of Social Security. Donald Trump said during a debate in
March, "It's my absolute intention to leave Social Security the way it is."

Many Americans worry that they won't have enough to live on once they stop
working, the poll said.

Among those with incomes under $50,000, 58 percent say they feel more anxious
than secure about the amount of savings they have for retirement. People with
higher incomes appear less anxious, but still 40 percent of those with incomes
of $100,000 or more worry whether their savings will be sufficient.

Alison Cowen, 57, said she doesn't see any path for her to retire_ever. "Not
unless a miracle happens," she laughed sarcastically. "I just don't have enough
to live on for the rest of my life."

The poll said a quarter of workers over 50 say they never plan to retire, a
sentiment more common among lower-income workers.

Cowen, a saleswoman from Albuquerque, New Mexico, said she didn't save that much
when she was younger, and a messy divorce 10 years ago meant she had to start
over. "I've got $20,000 in the bank, but I would need to figure out a way
increase that substantially before I could ever think of retiring," she said.

___

The AP-NORC Center survey was conducted March 8-27 by NORC at the University of
Chicago, with funding from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. It involved online
and telephone interviews with 1,075 people aged 50 and older nationwide, most of
whom are members of NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel. Results from the
full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.9 percentage
points.

___

EDITOR'S NOTE - Adam Allington is studying aging and workforce issues as part of
a 10-month fellowship at The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs
Research, which joins NORC's independent research and AP journalism. The
fellowship is funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.

___

News survey specialist Emily Swanson contributed to this report from Washington.

___

Online: http://www.apnorc.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 7:41 PM GMT

Clinton says IG report won't affect her presidential bid

BYLINE: By MICHAEL BIESECKER, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 461 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton contends a new government audit critical of
her use of a private email server as secretary of state won't affect her
Democratic presidential campaign.

In an interview with Univision's Los Angeles affiliate, Clinton said "nothing
has changed" following Wednesday's release of a report by the State Department's
inspector general. That analysis found Clinton ignored clear guidance that her
email setup broke agency rules and could have left government secrets vulnerable
to hackers.

"There may be reports that come out, but nothing has changed," Clinton said.
"It's the same story. Just like previous secretaries of state, I used a personal
email. Many people did. It was not at all unprecedented. I have turned over all
my emails. No one else can say that."

Clinton added that she had been "incredibly open" about her emails, which were
routed through a server located in the basement of her New York home during her
tenure as the nation's top diplomate from 2009 to 2013.

The inspector general found that of Clinton's predecessors, only former
Secretary Colin Powell exclusively used private email as she did, though he
didn't rely on a server in his home. But Clinton's failings were singled out in
the audit as being more serious because there was far more extensive guidance
available by the time she took office.

Clinton turned over more than 52,000 pages of work-related emails to the State
Department, but only following media reports that revealed her private email
setup after she had returned to the private sector. However, Clinton has
withheld thousands of additional emails, claiming they are personal. She also
waited seven days after The Associated Press first revealed in March 2015 her
use of the private server to publicly acknowledge it.

Clinton declined to talk to the inspector general, as did four of her closest
aides, although she said as recently as this month that she was happy to "talk
to anybody, anytime" about the matter and would encourage her staff to do the
same.

In addition to the IG's investigation, the FBI is probing whether Clinton's use
of the private email server imperiled government secrets. Critics have
questioned whether her server might have made a tempting target for hackers,
especially those working with or for foreign intelligence services.

Republicans have seized on the IG's report as evidence that Clinton is not
trustworthy or qualified to be commander in chief.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Thursday said the report on
Clinton was "a disaster."

"Such bad judgment and temperament cannot be allowed in the (White House),"
Trump said in a tweet.

___

Follow Michael Biesecker on Twitter at https://twitter.com/mbieseck and Bradley
Klapper at https://twitter.com/bklapperAP

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 7:38 PM GMT

Mister 1,237: North Dakota delegate puts Trump over the top

BYLINE: By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 271 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - John Trandem wanted to be the delegate who would put Donald
Trump over the top, giving him enough delegates to clinch the Republican
presidential nomination.

But when he was contacted by an Associated Press reporter, the AP delegate count
stood at 1,235 - two delegates short.

"I'm happy to be No. 1,237," said Trandem, a small business owner from North
Dakota. "But I won't commit until you're at 1,236."

Trandem is an unbound delegate, meaning he is free to support the candidate of
his choice. All 28 Republican delegates in North Dakota are unbound because the
state party declined to have a primary or caucus.

Trandem, who lives north of Fargo, was reached on his wife's mobile phone. He
was on his way to an event where he and other North Dakota delegates would meet
Trump, giving the billionaire businessman enough delegates to clinch the
nomination.

Wanting to break the story first, reporters were calling and emailing unbound
delegates across the country.

Trandem was for Trump, but he didn't want to say so unless he was Mister 1,237.

No problem, he had a solution. He handed the phone to another delegate, state
Rep. Ben Koppleman, who was riding with him.

After Koppleman confirmed he was committed to Trump, Trandem took the phone
back.

"Are you at 1,236?" he asked.

Yes, he was told. "Then I'm the one!"

Minutes later the AP declared that Trump had secured enough delegates to clinch
the nomination.

Later on Thursday, both men shook hands with Trump before sharing a stage with
him during a news conference in Bismarck, North Dakota.

___

Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at http://twitter.com/stephenatap

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 7:30 PM GMT

Some Hispanics face ridicule over support for Trump

BYLINE: By STEVE PEOPLES and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 788 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif.


ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - Hispanic voters in Florida, New Mexico and California
have waved Mexican flags and bashed Donald Trump piñatas - clashing with police,
at times - to protest the Republican presidential contender's hard line approach
to immigration.

Yet far from the protests, an increasingly vocal Hispanic minority is speaking
out in favor of the brash billionaire. They are backing Trump even in the face
of resentment and suspicion from friends and family, who are among the
overwhelming majority of non-white voters opposed to the New York businessman's
candidacy.

"I'm not ashamed to vote for Trump. I'd just rather not have the conversation
with my family," said Natalie Lally, a 22-year-old college student from New York
City whose large extended family has Colombian roots.

She says silence fell over her grandmother's living room when she admitted her
support for Trump during a recent family gathering that included more than 30
relatives.

"They just kind of seemed uneasy," she recalled. "And my uncle just said, 'Why?'
"

In the border towns of Texas, the working-class neighborhoods of New York, and
even inside Trump's overwhelmingly white rallies, the pro-Trump Hispanic
minority is willing to risk public and private ridicule to defend the GOP's
presumptive presidential nominee. So far, however, they're not getting much help
from Trump's campaign, which has yet to launch an outreach effort to improve his
standing with the growing voting bloc.

Approximately 23 percent of Hispanics said they'd vote for Trump in a May poll
conducted by Fox News Latino. Other recent polling places Trump far lower. The
GOP's last presidential nominee, Mitt Romney, has cited his poor standing with
Hispanic voters as one of his biggest regrets from the last election, when he
earned 27 percent of the Hispanic vote.

Trump's team acknowledges the importance of the voting bloc, but says there has
been little organized outreach so far.

"Any demographic that is growing at the rate of the Latino voters obviously will
be of the utmost importance to a presidential campaign," Trump aide Ed Brookover
said when asked about Hispanic outreach. "I know it's been talked about, but I
think it's a touch early. I don't know of anything organized."

Trump's team expects to work closely with the Republican National Committee,
however, which has had paid Hispanic outreach staff on the ground in nine
states.

Trump's policies and tone on immigration have sparked passionate - and sometimes
violent - reactions from minority voters.

His vow to complete a massive wall along the Mexican border is a pillar of his
agenda. He has also promised to impose a temporary ban on Muslims entering the
U.S., embraced plans to deport more than 11 million immigrants in the country
illegally and described Mexico sending rapists and criminals across the border
in his announcement speech.

He lashed out at protesters who clashed with police outside his Tuesday rally in
Albuquerque, New Mexico. The protesters, including many Hispanics, waved Mexican
flags while others hurled rocks at police.

"The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag,"
Trump wrote on Twitter. "The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside,
criminals!"

During a Wednesday appearance in Anaheim, he claimed "a great relationship with
the Hispanics."

"The Mexican people are great. They're going to vote for me like crazy," he
said.

Outside the Anaheim event, a small group of protesters pummeled and decapitated
a Trump piñata as police arrested more protesters.

Conversations with Trump Hispanic supporters across the country in recent months
show many feel especially frustrated with immigrants in the country illegally.
Many waited years for work authorization or citizenship or have relatives who
did.

And while some embrace Trump's plans for the wall and deportations, others say
they don't believe Trump actually plans to follow through with his proclamations
on the campaign trail.

Yet there are often a handful of Hispanic supporters inside his rallies. Before
Trump took the stage in Albuquerque, Mary Jo Andrade, 37, a licensed mental
health counselor, said her 17-year-old daughter is often teased in school for
backing him.

"She hears, 'Oh, you're not real Mexican. You're not true Mexican,' " Andrade
said and added, "A lot of the time I tell her, 'Keep your silence because of
that.'"

___

Peoples reported from Washington. AP writers John Antczak in Anaheim, Russell
Contreras in Albuquerque, New Mexico and Emily Swanson in Washington contributed
to this report.

___

Corrects 12th paragraph to remove quotes from, and reference to man identified
as Carlos Guerra, who contacted AP to say he had given a fake name and would not
provide his real name.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 6:26 PM GMT

Trump thanks North Dakota delegates for helping him clinch GOP nomination; says
Clinton 'can't close the deal'

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 22 words

DATELINE: BISMARCK, N.D.


BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Trump thanks North Dakota delegates for helping him clinch
GOP nomination; says Clinton 'can't close the deal'

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 2:12 PM GMT

AP count: Donald Trump reaches the number of delegates needed to clinch the
Republican nomination for president

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 21 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - AP count: Donald Trump reaches the number of delegates needed
to clinch the Republican nomination for president.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 2:12 PM GMT

Trump wins the Republican nomination for president

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 50 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - AP count: Billionaire businessman Donald Trump has reached the
number of delegates needed to clinch the Republican nomination for president.
Trump, the only remaining GOP candidate left in the race, will go on to accept
the nomination at the party's national convention in Cleveland.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 9:47 AM GMT

Obama says world leaders are 'rattled' by Trump; says GOP candidate displays
ignorance, cavalier attitude

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 21 words

DATELINE: SHIMA, Japan


SHIMA, Japan (AP) - Obama says world leaders are 'rattled' by Trump; says GOP
candidate displays ignorance, cavalier attitude.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 8:55 AM GMT

Trump vs. Sanders debate? The two are tossing idea around

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 134 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Chances are likely slim, but what about a Donald Trump-Bernie
Sanders debate heading into the crucial June 7 California primary?

That possibility surfaced Wednesday, even if in a jocular tone, in an indirect
exchange between the Republican billionaire real estate mogul and the senator
who Hillary Clinton hasn't been able to bump from the Democratic presidential
sweepstakes.

On ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live," Trump said he enjoyed watching Clinton's
increasingly heated sparring with Sanders.

"I had no idea it was going to be so nasty," said Trump, who said he'd be happy
to engage Sanders in a one-on-one debate - as long as significant money goes to
charity.

Sanders said on Twitter he'd welcome that. "Game on. I look forward to debating
Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary."

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 7:24 AM GMT

Trump holds first major presidential fundraiser in L.A.

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and AMY TAXIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1094 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif.


ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump entered a
new phase of his campaign when he held his first major campaign fundraiser: a
$25,000-per-ticket dinner in Los Angeles.

The reception, held Wednesday at the home of Trump's friend and fellow real
estate investor Tom Barrack, was Trump's final stop after a busy day campaigning
across the Los Angeles area that included a rally and an appearance on ABC's
"Jimmy Kimmel Live."

On the show, Trump described the fundraiser as largely benefiting the Republican
Party.

"They're very rich people and very successful people. And in many cases very
liberal people and they're all voting for me. I think people are going to be
very surprised. You know I'm going to make a heavy play for California," Trump
said, predicting his unusual brand of politics have given him a chance to win
the overwhelmingly Democratic state.

Trump also made a rare admission on the show, telling Kimmel that he often used
aliases to purchase real estate - but continued to deny he'd been caught on tape
pretending to be an imaginary spokesman in a recently-released recording.

"You know, over the years I've used aliases," Trump he said.

Trump has repeatedly denied that he posed as a spokesman for himself decades ago
using the names "John Miller" and "John Barron." But when asked by Kimmel what
aliases he'd used, Trump volunteered Barron, which is also the name of Trump's
youngest son.

"I actually used the name Barron," said Trump, who said he'd made "a very good
deal using that name."

"I used an alias in terms of setting up a meeting with Mr. Donald Trump. And
many people in the real estate business do that, you use alias. And you have to,
frankly, otherwise they find out it's you and they charge you more money - and
nobody wants to pay more money," he said.

Trump said he'd used the tactic "especially when I was out in Brooklyn with my
father and I'd want to buy something."

"And honestly nobody knew who Trump was at that time, nobody knew me, so it
wasn't so much so important. But I would never want to use my name because you
had to pay money for the land. If you're trying to buy land, you use different
names," he said.

A day after violent protesters outside a Trump rally threw burning items at
police and toppled barricades, Trump's afternoon rally at the Anaheim Convention
Center was boisterous but less heated. He railed against "Crooked Hillary"
Clinton and leaders in his own party who haven't yet endorsed him.

Outside, demonstrators quietly held up signs reading "Love and Peace" and
"Migration is beautiful" during the rally, but the modest crowd grew rowdier
when Trump supporters came outside. The two sides shouted at each other as
dozens of police, some on horseback, moved in to prevent a renewal of the
violence Tuesday night in New Mexico.

Five people were arrested as a line of police slowly moved scattered protesters
along a nearby street.

The protest phenomenon even followed Trump to Kimmel's show.

R&B singer The Weeknd and rapper Belly canceled their performance on Kimmel's
show because Trump was set to appear.

The Oscar-nominated musicians were slated to record their performance Wednesday
in Los Angeles for the late-night ABC show.

Belly says he canceled because he didn't want to share a stage with Trump and
disagrees with the presumptive Republican presidential nominee's views and
beliefs.

Trump used his campaign rally Wednesday to hammer Clinton over a State
Department inspector general report that faulted her for her use of private
email for official business when she was secretary of state.

"She had a little bad news today, as you know. Some reports came down, weren't
so good," Trump said. "The inspector general's report - not good."

Trump's campaign apparatus was roiled Wednesday by the abrupt departure of
political director Rick Wiley. In a statement, Trump's campaign said Wiley had
been hired only on a short-term basis until the candidate's organization "was
running full steam."

Wiley had been overseeing hiring of staff in battleground states and working
closely with the Republican National Committee. His hiring about six weeks ago
was seen as a sign that party veterans were embracing Trump's campaign.

While Wiley and the RNC have touted the importance of a robust general election
infrastructure, Trump has said he plans to continue making his raucous rallies
the centerpiece of his campaign.

A person familiar with Wiley's ouster said the operative clashed with others in
Trump's operation and didn't want to put longtime Trump allies in key jobs as he
hired in battleground states. The person insisted on anonymity because the
person was not authorized to publicly discuss the internal campaign dynamics.

Wiley is said to have clashed in particular with Karen Giorno, who ran Trump's
campaign in Florida during the Republican primary, the person said.

On "Kimmel," Trump, who was jokingly introduced as "a tangerine-tinted
Godzilla," said he enjoyed watching Clinton's increasingly heated sparring with
Democratic rival Bernie Sanders.

"I had no idea it was going to be so nasty," said Trump, who said he would be
happy to take Sanders up on an offer to a one-on-one debate - as long as
significant money goes to charity.

"How much is he going to pay me?" Trump asked, predicting the pair "would have
such high ratings."

Sanders said on Twitter that he would welcome a debate. "Game on. I look forward
to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7 primary."

Trump's western swing comes as he works to unify a Republican Party that often
remains skeptical of his candidacy. During the rally, Trump offered jabs at 2012
nominee Mitt Romney and former rival Jeb Bush, who have yet to endorse his
candidacy.

House Speaker Paul Ryan is still holding out on endorsing Trump even as his
staff and other House Republicans and aides communicate more closely with the
Trump campaign on policy.

Meeting with reporters Wednesday, Ryan shot down rumors that an endorsement was
imminent. "I don't have a timeline in my mind and I have not made a decision and
nothing's changed from that perspective," he said.

The violence earlier this week at a rally in New Mexico prompted security
concerns beyond California. Police in Bismarck, North Dakota, said Wednesday
they would dedicate about a quarter of their force for security when Trump heads
to the state Thursday.

Trump will be back in California Friday with visits to Fresno and San Diego.

___

AP writers James MacPherson in Bismarck, North Dakota, and Julie Pace and Erica
Werner in Washington contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 187 words


"By Secretary Clinton's tenure, the department's guidance was considerably more
detailed and more sophisticated. Secretary Clinton's cybersecurity practices
accordingly must be evaluated in light of these more comprehensive directives."
- An audit by the State Department concluded that Hillary Clinton and her aides
ignored clear guidance that her email setup broke federal standards and could
leave sensitive material vulnerable to hackers.

___

"The fact that the federal government has yet again decided that it knows what
is best for every one of our local communities is insulting and, quite frankly,
intolerable." - Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction Diane Douglas after
Texas and 10 other states sued the Obama administration over its directive to
U.S. public schools to let transgender students use the bathrooms and locker
rooms that match their gender identity.

___

"Don't hurt 'em. I say that for the television cameras. Do not hurt him even
though he's a bad person." - Donald Trump during a campaign rally in Anaheim,
California, instructing security on how to escort protesters out of the
convention center.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 6:33 AM GMT

Clinton email use broke federal rules: inspector's report

BYLINE: By MICHAEL BIESECKER and BRADLEY KLAPPER, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 960 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton and her team ignored clear guidance from the
State Department that her email setup broke federal standards and could leave
sensitive material vulnerable to hackers, a department audit has found. Her
aides twice brushed aside concerns, in one case telling technical staff "the
matter was not to be discussed further."

The inspector general's review on Wednesday also revealed that hacking attempts
forced then-Secretary of State Clinton off email at one point in 2011, though
she insists the personal server she used was never breached. Clinton and several
of her senior staff declined to be interviewed for the investigation.

Earlier this month, Clinton declared that she was happy to "talk to anybody,
anytime" about the matter and would encourage her staff to do the same.

Opponents of her Democratic presidential campaign pointed to the audit as proof
that Clinton has not been truthful about her private email use, citing it as
fresh evidence she is not trustworthy or qualified to be commander in chief.

Campaigning in California, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump noted solemnly that Clinton had received "a little bad news" and then
railed against her "horribly bad judgment."

Clinton, also campaigning in California, didn't mention the controversy and
ignored reporters' shouted questions. A spokesman for Clinton, who served as the
nation's top diplomat from 2009 to 2013, declared the audit showed her email use
was consistent with what others at the department have done.

The 78-page analysis, a copy of which was obtained by The Associated Press, says
Clinton ignored clear directives. She never sought approval to conduct
government business over private email, and never demonstrated the server or the
Blackberry she used while in office "met minimum information security
requirements."

Twice in 2010, information management staff at the State Department raised
concerns that Clinton's email practices failed to meet federal records-keeping
requirements. The staff's director responded that Clinton's personal email
system had been reviewed and approved by legal staff, "and that the matter was
not to be discussed any further."

The audit found no evidence of a legal staff review or approval. It said any
such request would have been denied by senior information officers because of
security risks.

The inspector general's inquiry was prompted by revelations of Clinton's email
use, a subject that has dogged her presidential campaign.

The review encompassed the email and information practices of the past five
secretaries of state, finding them "slow to recognize and to manage effectively
the legal requirements and cybersecurity risks associated with electronic data
communications, particularly as those risks pertain to its most senior
leadership."

Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon underscored that point Wednesday.

"The inspector general documents just how consistent her email practices were
with those of other secretaries and senior officials at the State Department who
also used personal email," Fallon said.

The audit did note that former Secretary of State Colin Powell had also
exclusively used a private email account, though it did not name any other prior
secretaries who had done so. But the failings of Clinton were singled out in the
audit as being more serious than her predecessor.

"By Secretary Clinton's tenure, the department's guidance was considerably more
detailed and more sophisticated," the report concluded. "Secretary Clinton's
cybersecurity practices accordingly must be evaluated in light of these more
comprehensive directives."

Republicans said Wednesday the audit showed Clinton was in clear violation of
the Federal Records Act and endangered national security.

The State Department has released more than 52,000 pages of Clinton's
work-related emails, including some that have since been classified. Clinton has
withheld thousands of additional emails, saying they were personal.

Critics have questioned whether her server might have made a tempting target for
hackers, especially those working with or for foreign intelligence services.

Separately from the State Department audit, the FBI has been investigating
whether Clinton's use of the private email server imperiled government secrets.
It has recently interviewed Clinton's top aides, including former chief of staff
Cheryl Mills and deputy chief of staff Huma Abedin. Clinton is expected to be
interviewed.

Clinton has acknowledged in the campaign that the homebrew email setup in her
New York home was a mistake. She said she never sent or received anything marked
classified at the time, and says hackers never breached the server.

The audit said a Clinton aide had to shut down the server on Jan. 9, 2011,
because he believed "someone was trying to hack us." Later that day, he said:
"We were attacked again so I shut (the server) down for a few min."

The next day, a senior official told two of Clinton's top aides not to email
their boss "anything sensitive," saying she could "explain more in person."

On CBS' "Face the Nation" this month, Clinton said, "I've made it clear that I'm
more than ready to talk to anybody, anytime. And I've encouraged all of (my
staff) to be very forthcoming."

The audit said four of her closest State Department aides - Mills, Abedin,
policy chief Jake Sullivan and strategy aide Philippe Reines - all declined
interview requests.

___

Associated Press reporters Stephen Braun, Chad Day, Jack Gillum in Washington
and Lisa Lerer in Los Angeles contributed to this report.

___

Read the State Department Inspector General's report at http://apne.ws/1qJYhjw

___

Follow Michael Biesecker on Twitter at https://twitter.com/mbieseck and Bradley
Klapper at https://twitter.com/bklapperAP

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 4:54 AM GMT

Trump says he gave himself aliases often in business

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and AMY TAXIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 964 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif.


ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said
Wednesday that he often used aliases to purchase real estate - but continued to
deny he'd been caught on tape pretending to be an imaginary spokesman in a
recently-released recording.

"You know, over the years I've used aliases," Trump said in an interview on
ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live" that capped a day of campaigning across the Los
Angeles area.

Trump has repeatedly denied that he posed as a spokesman for himself decades ago
using the names "John Miller" and "John Barron." But when asked by Kimmel what
aliases he'd used, Trump volunteered Barron, which is also the name of Trump's
youngest son.

"I actually used the name Barron," said Trump, who said he'd made "a very good
deal using that name."

"I used an alias in terms of setting up a meeting with Mr. Donald Trump. And
many people in the real estate business do that, you use alias. And you have to,
frankly, otherwise they find out it's you and they charge you more money - and
nobody wants to pay more money," he said.

Trump said he'd used the tactic "especially when I was out in Brooklyn with my
father and I'd want to buy something."

"And honestly nobody knew who Trump was at that time, nobody knew me, so it
wasn't so much so important. But I would never want to use my name because you
had to pay money for the land. If you're trying to buy land, you use different
names," he said.

The appearance on the late-night show marked the end of a busy day that included
a rally and Trump's first major campaign fundraiser.

A day after violent protesters outside a Trump rally threw burning items at
police and toppled barricades, Trump's afternoon rally in Anaheim was boisterous
but less heated. He railed against "Crooked Hillary" Clinton and leaders in his
own party who haven't yet endorsed him.

Outside, demonstrators quietly held up signs reading "Love and Peace" and
"Migration is beautiful" during the rally, but the modest crowd grew rowdier
when Trump supporters came outside. The two sides shouted at each other as
dozens of police, some on horseback, moved in to prevent a renewal of the
violence Tuesday night in New Mexico.

Five people were arrested as a line of police slowly moved scattered protesters
along a nearby street.

Inside, Trump's rally was interrupted several times by protesters who were
escorted out of the Anaheim Convention Center.

"Get 'em out!" he shouted at one point. "Out! Out! Out!" But Trump urged his
supporters and security to handle his interrupters gently, saying, "Do not hurt
him even though he's a bad person."

Trump also used his event Wednesday to hammer Clinton over a State Department
inspector general report that faulted her for her use of private email for
official business when she was secretary of state.

"She had a little bad news today, as you know. Some reports came down, weren't
so good," Trump said. "The inspector general's report - not good."

Trump's campaign apparatus was also roiled Wednesday by the abrupt departure of
political director Rick Wiley. In a statement, Trump's campaign said Wiley had
been hired only on a short-term basis until the candidate's organization "was
running full steam."

Wiley had been overseeing hiring of staff in battleground states and working
closely with the Republican National Committee. His hiring about six weeks ago
was seen as a sign that party veterans were embracing Trump's campaign.

While Wiley and the RNC have touted the importance of a robust general election
infrastructure, Trump has said he plans to continue making his raucous rallies
the centerpiece of his campaign.

A person familiar with Wiley's ouster said the operative clashed with others in
Trump's operation and didn't want to put longtime Trump allies in key jobs as he
hired in battleground states. The person insisted on anonymity because the
person was not authorized to publicly discuss the internal campaign dynamics.

Wiley is said to have clashed in particular with Karen Giorno, who ran Trump's
campaign in Florida during the Republican primary, the person said.

On "Kimmel," Trump, who was jokingly introduced as "a tangerine-tinted
Godzilla," said he enjoyed watching Clinton's increasingly heated sparring with
Democratic rival Bernie Sanders.

"I had no idea it was going to be so nasty," said Trump, who said he would be
happy to take Sanders up on an offer to a one-on-one debate - as long as
significant money goes to charity.

"How much is he going to pay me?" Trump asked, predicting the pair "would have
such high ratings."

Sanders said on Twitter late Wednesday that he would welcome a debate: "Game on.
I look forward to debating Donald Trump in California before the June 7
primary."

Trump's western swing comes as he works to unify a Republican Party that often
remains skeptical of his candidacy. During the rally, Trump offered jabs at 2012
nominee Mitt Romney and former rival Jeb Bush, who have yet to endorse his
candidacy.

House Speaker Paul Ryan is still holding out on endorsing Trump even as his
staff and other House Republicans and aides communicate more closely with the
Trump campaign on policy.

Meeting with reporters Wednesday, Ryan shot down rumors that an endorsement was
imminent. "I don't have a timeline in my mind and I have not made a decision and
nothing's changed from that perspective," he said.

The violence earlier this week at a rally in New Mexico prompted security
concerns beyond California. Police in Bismarck, North Dakota, said Wednesday
they would dedicate about a quarter of their force for security when Trump heads
to the state Thursday.

Trump will be back in California Friday with visits to Fresno and San Diego.

___

AP writers James MacPherson in Bismarck, North Dakota, and Julie Pace and Erica
Werner in Washington contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 3:13 AM GMT

The Weeknd, Belly cancel Kimmel performance because of Trump

BYLINE: By MESFIN FEKADU, AP Music Writer

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - R&B singer The Weeknd and rapper Belly have canceled their
performance on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" because Donald Trump was set to appear on
the episode.

The Oscar-nominated musicians were slated to record their performance Wednesday
in Los Angeles for the late-night ABC show. Belly said he canceled because he
didn't want to share a stage with Trump and disagrees with the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee's views and beliefs.

"I feel like the way I was raised was to be able to see through all the titles
in this world - from religion to race," Belly said in a statement. "I just
didn't want to feel like I was a part of a celebration for somebody who has
beliefs that majority of us don't agree with."

Trump has been criticized by some political rivals and voters for his comments
on topics including women, refugees, immigrants and Muslims, such as when he
said some Mexican immigrants in the U.S. illegally are "rapists" and when he
called for a ban on Muslim immigration into the United States.

A Trump spokeswoman didn't immediately respond to an email seeking comment on
The Weeknd and Belly.

The Jimmy Kimmel show had no comment, a representative said. Representatives for
The Weeknd didn't immediately respond to emails seeking comment.

The Weeknd won two Grammy Awards earlier this year, including best urban
contemporary album for "Beauty Behind the Madness." Belly has co-written many of
The Weeknd's hits, including "Earned It," ''The Hills," ''Into the Night" and
"Often."

The Weeknd appears on Belly's song "Might Not," which they were set to perform
on Kimmel's show.

Belly, who's signed to Jay Z's Roc Nation management, will release a new
mixtape, "Another Day In Paradise," on Friday.

"I'm here on a campaign of positivity and love and to contribute what I can to
music," Belly said. "I create songs people go to sleep and wake up to, songs
that they fall in love to. For me, being Muslim and being somebody that
appreciates my access here in America, I love the fact that I'm able to be here.
To play my part in this business is a privilege and a beautiful thing. The fact
that I could lose that ability through the actions of someone such as Donald
Trump isn't right to me. At all."

Belly shared an Oscar nomination for best original song with The Weeknd for
"Earned It," which appears on the "Fifty Shades of Grey" soundtrack.

Belly and The Weekend are from Canada. Belly also co-wrote Beyonce's "6 Inch,"
which features vocals from The Weeknd and appears on her "Lemonade" album.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1900 words


Clinton email use broke federal rules: inspector's report

WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton and her team ignored clear guidance from the
State Department that her email setup broke federal standards and could leave
sensitive material vulnerable to hackers, a department audit has found. Her
aides twice brushed aside concerns, in one case telling technical staff "the
matter was not to be discussed further."

The inspector general's review on Wednesday also revealed that hacking attempts
forced then-Secretary of State Clinton off email at one point in 2011, though
she insists the personal server she used was never breached. Clinton and several
of her senior staff declined to be interviewed for the investigation.

Earlier this month, Clinton declared that she was happy to "talk to anybody,
anytime" about the matter and would encourage her staff to do the same.

Opponents of her Democratic presidential campaign pointed to the audit as proof
that Clinton has not been truthful about her private email use as fresh evidence
she is not trustworthy or qualified to be commander in chief.

Campaigning in California, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald
Trump noted solemnly that Clinton had received "a little bad news" and then
railed against her "horribly bad judgment."

___

11 states sue over Obama's school transgender directive

AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Texas and 10 other states are suing the Obama
administration over its directive to U.S. public schools to let transgender
students use the bathrooms and locker rooms that match their gender identity.

The lawsuit announced Wednesday includes Oklahoma, Alabama, Wisconsin, West
Virginia, Tennessee, Maine, Arizona, Louisiana, Utah and Georgia. It asks a
North Texas federal court to declare the directive unlawful in what ranks among
the most coordinated and visible legal challenges by states over the socially
divisive issue of bathroom rights for transgender persons.

The Obama administration has "conspired to turn workplace and educational
settings across the country into laboratories for a massive social experiment,
flouting the democratic process, and running roughshod over commonsense policies
protecting children and basic privacy rights," the lawsuit reads.

Many of the conservative states involved had previously vowed defiance, calling
the guidance a threat to safety while being accused of discrimination by
supporters of transgender rights. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch has
previously said "there is no room in our schools for discrimination."

The White House had no comment on the lawsuit. The Justice Department said it
would review the complaint and did not comment further.

___

10 Things to Know for Thursday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. AUDIT FINDS CLINTON DISREGARDED SECURITY GUIDANCE IN USING PRIVATE EMAIL

Campaigning in California, Donald Trump noted that Clinton had received "a
little bad news" and then railed against her "horribly bad judgment."

2. WHICH STATES ARE SUING OVER OBAMA'S SCHOOL TRANSGENDER DIRECTIVE

The states are Texas, Oklahoma, Alabama, Wisconsin, West Virginia, Tennessee,
Maine, Arizona, Louisiana, Utah and Georgia.

___

G-7 in sync with Japanese Prime Minister Abe's own agenda

ISE, Japan (AP) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and fellow leaders of the
Group of Seven advanced economies will begin their summit Thursday with a visit
to Ise Shrine, the most hallowed site for Japan's indigenous Shinto religion -
one of many aspects of the gathering that dovetail with Abe's long-term
diplomatic and political agenda.

As host, to the extent that it can, Abe's government has shaped the G-7 program
to showcase his own political and economic platform, taking "leadership in
guiding the world by showing the best path forward for peace and prosperity,"
according to an agenda distributed by the Foreign Ministry.

The leaders will start out their program with a visit to Ise (Ee-say) Shrine,
the holiest site in the Shinto religion, which during the first half of the 20th
century was used by Japan's militarist government as a way to rally the
population behind its invasion of wide swaths of Asia before and during World
War II. After Japan's defeat, state Shinto was banned, but the conservative
prime minister has used it as a way to promote traditional cultural and social
values.

Abe made a visit a day earlier to the shrine to pray for a good summit.

Japanese officials said the intent was not to conduct any religious formalities.
It can give the foreign leaders a sense of the "air, water, nature and
atmosphere" of the shrine, foreign ministry spokesman Yasuhisa Kawamura said
Wednesday. "Ise is the place to present the beauty of nature and the richness of
our culture and long tradition."

___

Rowdy protests but no violence this time outside Trump rally

ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - A day after violent protesters outside a Donald Trump
rally threw burning items at police and toppled barricades, the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee railed against "Crooked Hillary" Clinton and
leaders in his own party who haven't yet endorsed him in a boisterous but less
heated rally Wednesday.

Outside, demonstrators quietly held up signs reading "Love and Peace" and
"Migration is beautiful" during the rally, but the modest crowd grew rowdier
when Trump supporters came outside. The two sides shouted at each other as
dozens of police, some on horseback, moved in to prevent a renewal of the
violence that included rock-throwing and burning T-shirts Tuesday night in New
Mexico.

Five people were arrested as a line of police slowly moved scattered protesters
along a nearby street.

Inside, Trump's rally was interrupted several times by protesters who were
escorted out of the Anaheim Convention Center, which was packed with thousands
of Trump supporters.

"Get 'em out!" he shouted at one point. "Out! Out! Out!" But Trump urged his
supporters and security to handle his interrupters gently. "Don't hurt 'em," he
told them. "I say that for the television cameras. Do not hurt him even though
he's a bad person."

___

Authorities: Unruly group instigated violence at Trump rally

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - A day after a riot erupted outside a Donald Trump
rally, Albuquerque officials blamed the downtown melee not on impassioned
politics but on an unruly group intent on creating chaos in a city that has seen
more than its share of violence.

Some participants openly admitted that they set out to cause disruption. Many in
the crowd were seen with gang tattoos and at one point chanted to Trump
supporters that they controlled the streets.

"I woke up all hung over and stuff," said Chelsea Rae Gray, a 24-year-old
musician. "And then I said, 'Let's see what kind of chaos we can get into.'" She
said she came to the protest in her pajamas and stole some Trump T-shirts from
vendors during the confusion.

"Then I burned them," she said.

Cleanup crews spent Wednesday clearing away broken glass and charred debris in
the largest city in the nation's largest Hispanic state. The mayor and police
were tallying up the damage that spread to several blocks near historic Route
66.

___

Authorities: 20 homes damaged, no injuries in Kansas storms

CHAPMAN, Kan. (AP) - About 20 homes were damaged Wednesday night in a rural area
of northern Kansas after a tornado passed through but there were no immediate
reports of injuries, the Kansas Highway Patrol said.

Trooper Ben Gardner, a spokesman for the patrol, said troopers were checking a
rural area in Dickinson County where it was believed 20 homes were damaged, some
significantly.

Troopers were going from home to home to make sure everyone was OK and so far
hadn't found or heard of anyone who was hurt, Gardner said.

The National Weather Service had warned people to take cover as what it called a
"catastrophic" tornado approached Chapman, about 75 miles west of Topeka.

But Gardner said it appears the storm traveled south of the town.

___

Israel's Netanyahu adds hard-liner to coalition

JERUSALEM (AP) - Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu named one of Israel's most
polarizing politicians as defense minister on Wednesday, solidifying his
parliamentary majority at the risk of antagonizing the international community
and his own military - and clouding already slim hopes for a resumption of peace
efforts.

The addition of Avigdor Lieberman to the Cabinet comes at a sensitive time.
After a two-year breakdown in talks, France is preparing to host a conference
next month aimed at restarting negotiations. At the same time, the U.S.-led
quartet of international peace mediators is set to release a report expected to
be critical of Israel.

While both Netanyahu and Lieberman pledged to pursue peace with Israel's Arab
neighbors, their tough positions on key issues, strained relationship with much
of the international community and the makeup of the rest of the Cabinet would
seem to make significant progress a long shot.

In Washington, State Department spokesman Mark Toner expressed concerns with
Israel's right-wing tilt.

"This raises legitimate questions about the direction it may be heading in and
what kind of policies it may adopt," Toner told reporters.

___

The Weeknd, Belly cancel Kimmel performance because of Trump

NEW YORK (AP) - R&B singer The Weeknd and rapper Belly have canceled their
performance on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" because Donald Trump was set to appear on
the episode.

The Oscar-nominated musicians were slated to record their performance Wednesday
in Los Angeles for the late-night ABC show. Belly said he canceled because he
didn't want to share a stage with Trump and disagrees with the presumptive
Republican presidential nominee's views and beliefs.

"I feel like the way I was raised was to be able to see through all the titles
in this world - from religion to race," Belly said in a statement. "I just
didn't want to feel like I was a part of a celebration for somebody who has
beliefs that majority of us don't agree with."

Trump has been criticized by some political rivals and voters for his comments
on topics including women, refugees, immigrants and Muslims, such as when he
said some Mexican immigrants in the U.S. illegally are "rapists" and when he
called for a ban on Muslim immigration into the United States.

A Trump spokeswoman didn't immediately respond to an email seeking comment on
The Weeknd and Belly.

___

'Lost my way': Murray pushed to 5 sets again at French Open

PARIS (AP) - As if ordering room service, Andy Murray's latest unheralded French
Open tormenter requested that a can of Coke and a Mars bar be brought to him
right there on Court Philippe Chatrier for sustenance during their five-setter.

Truth is, it was Murray who appeared in need of a jolt of some sort, especially
while he was losing 16 points in a row during one stretch.

"I lost my way on the court today," Murray said, "for quite a while."

For now, Murray is still in the mix at Roland Garros, reaching the third round
by coming from behind yet again to win 6-2, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 on Wednesday
against French wild-card entry Mathias Bourgue, who was playing in the second
tour-level match of his life. The second-seeded Murray acknowledged he can't
keep getting pushed to the limit if he has designs on adding a third Grand Slam
title to his collection.

"I need to go and rest," said Murray, already on court for 10 sets and more than
7 hours. "It's been a tough, tough few days."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 1:06 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Thursday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 407 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Thursday:

1. AUDIT FINDS CLINTON DISREGARDED SECURITY GUIDANCE IN USING PRIVATE EMAIL

Campaigning in California, Donald Trump noted that Clinton had received "a
little bad news" and then railed against her "horribly bad judgment."

2. WHICH STATES ARE SUING OVER OBAMA'S SCHOOL TRANSGENDER DIRECTIVE

The states are Texas, Oklahoma, Alabama, Wisconsin, West Virginia, Tennessee,
Maine, Arizona, Louisiana, Utah and Georgia.

3. HOW FEMALE CEOS ARE FARING COMPARED TO THEIR MALE COUNTERPARTS

For the second year in a row, female CEOs earned more than their male
counterparts and received bigger raises. But only a small sliver of the largest
companies are run by women.

4. JAPAN'S PRIME MINISTER REJECTS IDEA OF VISITING PEARL HARBOR

Coming ahead of President Barack Obama's historic visit to Hiroshima later this
week, Shinzo Abe's comments laid bare the complex politics of reconciliation.

5. WHO WAS CHOSEN TO BE THE NEW LEADER OF THE AFGHAN TALIBAN

Opposition within the group emerged just hours after little-known extremist
cleric Mullah Haibatullah Akhundzada was selected to replace his predecessor,
who was killed in a U.S. drone strike.

6. WHERE 768 NEW SCREENERS WILL BE SENT TO DEAL WITH LONG AIRPORT SECURITY LINES

The Transportation Security Administration will send the new screeners to the
nation's busiest airports in Chicago, New York, Atlanta, Los Angeles and other
hubs by mid-June.

7. WHAT ARE THE CHANCES THAT A PREGNANT WOMAN WITH ZIKA WILL HAVE A BABY WITH
BIRTH DEFECTS

The largest study to ever look at the question says the risk of one type of
birth defect, microcephaly, is "substantial" - in the range of 1 percent to 14
percent.

8. HOW MANY AMERICANS LIE TO THEIR PARTNER ABOUT MONEY MATTERS

Two in five Americans who have combined finances admit to lying to their partner
about financial matters, according to a study by Harris Poll for the National
Endowment for Financial Education.

9. WHO MIGHT BE BANKROLLING HULK HOGAN'S LEGAL MATCH WITH GAWKER

News reports say Hogan is secretly backed by Silicon Valley venture capitalist
Peter Thiel, who was outed as gay by a Gawker-owned website in 2007.

10. WHERE THE OBAMAS MIGHT LIVE WHEN THE PRESIDENT LEAVES OFFICE IN JANUARY

Real estate circles are buzzing over reports that Obama and his wife, Michelle,
have decided to lease a nine-bedroom mansion in one of Washington's poshest
neighborhoods.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 26, 2016 Thursday 12:05 AM GMT

Authorities: Unruly group instigated violence at Trump rally

BYLINE: By RUSSELL CONTRERAS, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - A day after a riot erupted outside a Donald Trump
rally, Albuquerque officials blamed the downtown melee not on impassioned
politics but on an unruly group intent on creating chaos in a city that has seen
more than its share of violence.

Some participants openly admitted that they set out to cause disruption. Many in
the crowd were seen with gang tattoos and at one point chanted to Trump
supporters that they controlled the streets.

"I woke up all hung over and stuff," said Chelsea Rae Gray, a 24-year-old
musician. "And then I said, 'Let's see what kind of chaos we can get into.'" She
said she came to the protest in her pajamas and stole some Trump T-shirts from
vendors during the confusion.

"Then I burned them," she said.

Cleanup crews spent Wednesday clearing away broken glass and charred debris in
the largest city in the nation's largest Hispanic state. The mayor and police
were tallying up the damage that spread to several blocks near historic Route
66.

The violence unfolded close to the site of tumultuous anti-police protests two
years ago that were sparked by claims of excessive force and the fatal shooting
of a homeless man by officers. A 2014 demonstration in downtown Albuquerque saw
police in riot gear clash with angry demonstrators who threw rocks and gas
canisters, and shut down City Hall.

Like that protest, Tuesday's gathering quickly turned from peaceful political
opposition to chaos. Demonstrators stomped on patrol cars and shattered windows
with rocks, authorities said.

Six officers were hurt after being hit with fist-sized rocks. They were treated
at the scene, a police spokeswoman said.

"It was a riot that was the result of a mob trying to cause damage and injury to
public property and innocent citizens exercising their constitutional right to
peaceably assemble," City Council member Dan Lewis said.

The protest originally organized by advocacy groups known for nonviolent tactics
began with demonstrators gathering across the street from the rally at the
Albuquerque Convention Center. They had a voter-registration booth, and some
activists brought children who waved anti-Trump signs at pro-Trump people making
their way to listen to the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. Others
waved Mexican and American flags. One held a Trump piñata.

Just as Trump's evening speech was to begin, some protesters tossed water
bottles at Trump supporters, even hitting Dereck Scott, a 37-year-old man in a
wheelchair. "I have the right to support who I want," said Scott, whose head was
red where he got hit. He did not require medical treatment.

By nightfall, the family atmosphere gave way to protesters with tattoos of the
Sureños 13 gang, a loosely organized collection of Latino gangs that pay tribute
to the Mexican mafia.

The protesters eventually charged the convention center doors just as people
from the Trump rally were being directed to leave through a detour. Some of them
warned rally attendees to be careful since the gang "ran these streets."

As police tried to move the crowd away, officers ducked rocks and burning shirts
and then used smoke canisters and pepper spray to move the demonstrators.

From block to block, shirtless men with sticks and other weapons roamed nearby
streets until police pushed the crowd out of downtown.

Javier Benavidez, executive director of the advocacy group Southwest Organizing
Project, was carried out of the convention center for disrupting Trump's speech.
He said organizers tried to keep the demonstration peaceful.

"We don't condone violence," Benavidez said. "But these are people who have been
hurt by (Trump's) rhetoric and his hate. This is a result of months and months
of hateful rhetoric."

The riot came as Albuquerque is trying to make law-enforcement reforms ordered
by the Justice Department, and is struggling with violent-crime and
property-crime rates that are nearly twice the national average. Residents also
are watching as the two former officers involved in the 2014 shooting of James
Boyd - a homeless man who authorities say suffered from mental illness - prepare
to stand trial.

Albuquerque Mayor Richard Berry said the city was thankful for first responders
who protected residents.

"We will work diligently to hold accountable those few individuals who came to
perpetrate violence, endanger others and damage property," Berry said.

___

Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras. His
work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/russell-contreras .

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 11:43 PM GMT

Now Gawker has its own billionaire backer, sort of

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - The courtroom fight between former pro wrestler Hulk Hogan and
news-and-gossip site Gawker is becoming a battleground of sorts for Silicon
Valley tycoons as well.

First Look Media, a news organization financed by Pierre Omidyar, philanthropist
and the co-founder of eBay, says it is reaching out to other media outlets to
file supportive briefs about Gawker. The briefs could be used for the site's
appeal of a $140 million invasion-of-privacy verdict Hogan won two months ago
because Gawker posted a sex tape of him.

On Wednesday, Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel revealed that he has been
secretly bankrolling Hogan's case against Gawker. There's no indication that
Omidyar might fund Gawker's defense.

"The possibility that Gawker may have to post a bond for $50 million or more
just to be able to pursue its right to appeal the jury's verdict raises serious
concerns about press freedom," First Look wrote in a statement explaining its
move.

Thiel, who co-founded PayPal and was an early investor in Facebook, has been a
frequent target of Gawker writers, who have written unflattering pieces about
Thiel's political beliefs and utopian goals . One 2007 post outed Thiel as gay.
The same Gawker site, Valleywag, ran a number of stories skewering Facebook,
which provided a big chunk of Thiel's estimated $2.7 billion fortune.

Omidyar's eBay bought Thiel's startup PayPal in 2002. Omidyar stepped down as
eBay chairman last year after PayPal was spun off as a separate company. He and
Thiel have conflicting political views - Omidyar is liberal, while Thiel will
serve as a delegate for presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.

Hogan sued Gawker after it posted a 2007 video of him having sex with the wife
of his best friend, Tampa radio personality Bubba The Love Sponge Clem. Hogan
said Clem betrayed him by secretly videotaping him.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 11:05 PM GMT

Trump says he no longer wants to debate Sanders

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


SAN DIEGO (AP) - Republican Donald Trump says he's not interested in debating
Democrat Bernie Sanders after all.

The billionaire mogul, who had previously said he'd "love to debate" the Vermont
senator, said in a statement Friday that he's now decided a one-on-one showdown
between the pair would be "inappropriate," despite interest from television
networks.

"Now that I am the presumptive Republican nominee, it seems inappropriate that I
would debate the second place finisher," Trump said of Sanders, who is trailing
front-runner Hillary Clinton in the race for the Democratic nomination.

"As much as I want to debate Bernie Sanders," Trump added, "I will wait to
debate the first place finisher in the Democratic Party."

Sanders responded with a statement Friday saying: "In recent days, Donald Trump
has said he wants to debate, he doesn't want to debate, he wants to debate and,
now, he doesn't want to debate. I hope that he changes his mind once again and
comes on board."

Trump first expressed interest in debating Sanders during a taping of "Jimmy
Kimmel Live" earlier this week.

Trump reiterated his interest at a press conference Thursday, where he said he
had been serious about the idea - as long as the pair could generate $10 to $15
million for charity.

"I think we'll get very high ratings. It should be in a big arena somewhere. And
we can have a lot of fun with it," said Trump, adding that his campaign had
already received several calls from television networks interested in hosting
the debate.

Trump said in his statement Friday, however, that the networks were "not proving
to be too generous to charitable causes, in this case, women's health issues."

But Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said it had received two offers from
television networks that included "a major contribution to charity."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 9:11 PM GMT

Never mind Trump, GOP uniting under banner: 'Never Hillary'

BYLINE: By JULIE BYKOWICZ and JULIE PACE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 879 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump's best ally in winning over skeptical Republicans
is turning out to be Hillary Clinton.

Having overcome a multimillion-dollar "Never Trump" campaign aimed at blocking
him from the Republican nomination, he's now benefiting from a wave of GOP
donors, party leaders, voters and conservative groups that are uniting under a
new banner: "Never Hillary."

"Nothing unites Republicans better than a Clinton," says Scott Reed, a political
strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce who has advised previous GOP
campaigns. While Reed says there remain "many unknowns" about Trump, he adds
that "the knowns about Hillary are very powerful motivators to Republicans."

Thanks to Republicans' deep disdain for the likely Democratic nominee, Trump is
piling up those kinds of lukewarm GOP endorsements.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who called Trump a dangerous "con artist" during his
own failed presidential campaign, now says he's willing to get involved in the
general election to stop Clinton.

"If you can live with a Clinton presidency for 4 years, that's your right,"
Rubio wrote on Twitter Friday. "I can't and will do what I can to prevent it."

Later in the day he reiterated on Twitter that his assistance should not be
viewed as pro-Trump. "I said I would be 'honored' to help party beat Hillary,"
he wrote.

"Never Hillary" graced the subject line of a new Republican National Committee
fundraising email that had nary a mention of Trump. Super PACs advised by Trump
-skeptic Karl Rove are using the hashtag "NeverHillary" on Twitter to promote
online videos about her perceived scandals - even as Rove says the groups aren't
likely to spend money boosting Trump.

Last week when the National Rifle Association endorsed Trump, the announcement
came without much of a sales pitch for him. But it did include a blunt message
for the 5 million members about Clinton.

Noting the heated GOP primary campaign, Chris Cox, the NRA's chief lobbyist,
said at the organization's convention last week, "Were there differences between
candidates for the nomination? Of course. Are there valid arguments in favor or
some over others? Sure. Will any of it matter if Hillary Clinton wins in
November? Not one bit."

For the NRA and other Republican-leaning groups, Clinton has become a reason to
look past Trump's spotty record on conservative issues.

On guns, for example, Trump previously backed an assault weapons ban. He's since
backed away from that, which appears to be good enough compared to Clinton's
calls for tougher gun control laws.

"If she could, Hillary would ban every gun, destroy every magazine, run an
entire national security industry right into the ground and put your name on a
government registration list," NRA chief Wayne LaPierre told the crowd at the
gathering in Louisville, Kentucky.

Likewise, Clinton has been an entry point for big donors once not thrilled with
- or even downright hostile to - Trump.

Billionaire Minnesota broadcasting executive Stanley Hubbard helped pay for the
Never Trump campaign, but says he's willing to give money to the GOP nominee to
stop Clinton.

Trump has unclear policies on some of the issues most important to conservative
donors. Even so, Foster Friess, who backed Rick Santorum in his last two
presidential campaigns, said he has made a donation to Trump because "the choice
is stark."

In an email, he contrasted Clinton's possible Supreme Court picks with Trump's,
as well as their approaches to economic and immigration policies.

Sheldon Adelson, a billionaire casino executive whose top issue is the
protection of Israel, urged reluctant Republican Jews to unite behind Trump.

"Like many of you, I do not agree with him on every issue. However, I will not
sit idly by and let Hillary Clinton become the next president," he wrote in an
email to fellow board members of the Republican Jewish Coalition.

Clinton has served as a call-to-arms for some of the top fundraisers for Trump's
vanquished rivals, helping him quickly assemble an experienced finance team from
scratch.

Some Republican voters, too, are finding that unease with Clinton is a good
enough reason to back Trump.

Margaret Lee, a 66-year-old from Clayton, North Carolina, said that while the
former reality TV star may not have been her first choice, she'll vote for
anybody but Clinton.

"Hillary Clinton is not being held accountable," Lee said of Clinton's use of
private emails as secretary of state. "The fact that she's going to be the
Democratic nominee having this hanging over her head, I just can't understand
that."

In Pennsylvania, Lori Clifton said she's deeply frustrated by the prospect of an
election face-off between Trump and Clinton. Clifton, a 51-year-old from the
Philadelphia suburb of Doylestown, isn't a Trump fan. But as a reliable
Republican voter in presidential elections, she said, "What choice do I have? I
really don't trust Hillary Clinton."

Alison Scott, a 36-year-old from Apex, North Carolina, also has concerns about
Trump's demeanor, saying he often "doesn't seem very presidential." But with
Clinton as the only alternative, she said her decision is simple.

"If I had to pick one of those," Scott said, "I'd vote for Trump."

___

Follow Julie Bykowicz at http://twitter.com/bykowicz and Julie Pace at
http://twitter.com/jpaceDC

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 8:51 PM GMT

Police department won't send officers to RNC, cites concerns

BYLINE: By MARK GILLISPIE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND (AP) - A North Carolina police department has rescinded its offer to
send 50 police officers to this summer's Republican National Convention in
Cleveland, citing concerns about insurance coverage and whether the city is
prepared to host an event that's expected to bring 50,000 visitors to northeast
Ohio.

Greensboro police made the decision this week, saying the city isn't providing
workers' compensation coverage for out-of-town officers and is requiring them to
get physical exams they'd have to pay for themselves.

Deputy Police Chief Brian James, in a memo to the city's police chief, wrote
that he had spoken with police administrators experienced in planning events
like the RNC and that they expressed "a lack of confidence in the city of
Cleveland and their preparedness."

"We have a responsibility to ensure that we are sending our officers to an event
that is well planned," James wrote.

A spokesman for the city of Cleveland sent an email Friday afternoon that said
the Greensboro memo was inaccurate but didn't elaborate. Greensboro police
didn't respond to requests for comment Friday.

A Cleveland police union official has been sounding the alarm for months about
how Cleveland officers are not being properly trained to deal with potentially
tumultuous protests. Groups supporting and opposing presumptive Republican
presidential nominee Donald Trump are planning to stage rallies and protests
during the convention, which begins July 18.

"The city of Cleveland has been absolutely irresponsible for preparation of this
convention," Steve Loomis, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen's
Association, said Friday.

A number of city police departments in Ohio and other states has decided not to
send officers to Cleveland, including Cincinnati, Loomis said.

A Cincinnati police spokesman said Friday that the previous police chief had
discussed sending officers to Cleveland, but his successor decided against it
because of the insurance issue and because Cincinnati is hosting the national
NAACP convention the same week.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 8:35 PM GMT

Trump encourages Rubio to run again for Senate

BYLINE: By ERICA WERNER, AP Congressional Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - After months of trading vicious insults, Donald Trump and
Marco Rubio are suddenly making nice.

Trump has added his voice to the growing chorus of Republicans encouraging Rubio
to run for re-election to the Senate, despite mocking him for months as "Little
Marco" and insisting he "couldn't get elected dogcatcher" in Florida.

And Rubio is returning the favor, going on CNN to declare he'd be "honored" to
speak at the Republican National Convention in favor of Trump, the same person
he trashed as a "a con man who's pulling the ultimate con job on the American
people."

As always in politics, the new alliance is about expediency. Trump has
apparently decided he needs Rubio to help keep the Senate in GOP hands, a stance
being promoted by Senate Republicans from Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on
down this week. And Rubio, who is seen as having ambitions to run again for
president in 2020, can't easily afford to alienate Trump and his many
supporters.

"If you can live with a Clinton presidency for 4 years that's your right. I
can't and will do what I can to prevent it," Rubio wrote on Twitter Friday in
defense of his newfound embrace of the presumptive GOP nominee, though he still
stopped short of endorsing Trump.

And Trump went on Twitter to encourage Rubio to run for re-election, noting that
polling shows he's the most likely to keep the seat in GOP hands and arguing
it's important for Republicans to hang onto their Senate majority. "Run Marco!"
Trump wrote.

Rubio told reporters this week he's "unlikely" to reconsider his plans to retire
from the Senate, especially since a good friend of his, Lt. Gov. Carlos
Lopez-Cantera, is in the race.

Indeed, on Friday Rubio joined a fundraising call with donors in Florida in
support of Lopez-Cantera, according to two Republicans familiar with the call.
It was a pep talk to donors to finish the quarter strong and defused talk that
Rubio would get in the race. Instead he encouraged donors to back Lopez-Cantera,
according to the Republicans, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the
private call.

But Rubio acknowledged publicly he's under pressure to change his mind.

The primary in Florida is in late August and the filing deadline is June 24. A
half-dozen Republicans are already running but none is well-known and statewide
campaigns in Florida cost millions. Republicans are defending 24 Senate seats
nationwide as they struggle to hang onto their slim Senate majority and fear a
loss in Florida.

A McConnell-aligned super PAC dedicated to helping Senate Republicans announced
plans Friday to get involved in Florida, but only if Rubio runs.

"Florida is a huge financial commitment. We felt confident about betting on
Rubio back in 2010 and would do it again in a heartbeat, but right now it's hard
to imagine making that same investment without him as our candidate," said
Steven Law, a former McConnell chief of staff and head of the Senate Leadership
Fund.

On the Democratic side the establishment is behind Rep. Patrick Murphy who faces
flamboyant progressive Rep. Alan Grayson in the primary.

___

Associated Press writers Brendan Farrington in Tallahassee and Sergio Bustos in
West Palm Beach, Florida contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 8:09 PM GMT

NY Democrat: Trump should return money to 9/11 recovery fund

BYLINE: By ALAN FRAM, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump is "a small man" for accepting $150,000 from a
federal fund for small businesses hurt by the Sept. 11 attacks and should return
the money or donate it to charity, a New York Democratic congressman said.

"In grabbing that money with both fists, you took it out of the pockets of small
business owners in New York who were truly hurting," Rep. Jerrold Nadler wrote
in an open letter to the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.

Nadler referenced reports earlier this year that the real estate billionaire
accepted the money from the World Trade Center Business Recovery Grant program.

The lawmaker's letter, posted on his campaign website and dated Thursday,
represented the latest Democratic attempt to focus attention on Trump's wealth.
They've also repeatedly demanded that he release his income tax returns, which
he has declined to do until IRS audits are finished.

Spokespeople for Trump's campaign did not immediately return emailed requests
for a response.

According to Nadler's letter, Trump received the money from the grant program
for one of his companies, 40 Wall Street LLC, which owns a Manhattan skyscraper.

Citing previous reports, Nadler said that Trump company had $26.8 million in
annual revenue. The federal definition of small businesses is those that have
earned less than $6 million, Nadler said.

"Whatever the size of your business, we need no further proof that you are a
small man," Nadler wrote.

Nadler said that Trump told an interviewer that none of his properties was
damaged in the attacks on New York.

"Your exploitation of our bravest and most generous citizens shows us all we
need to know about what lies within your heart," wrote Nadler.

Nadler's district includes the site where the World Trade Center towers stood
before they were toppled in the attacks.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 7:24 PM GMT

Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS; News Shows

LENGTH: 101 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows:

ABC's "This Week" - Paul Manafort, adviser to Republican presidential candidate
Donald Trump; Sens. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., and Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.

___

NBC's "Meet the Press" - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders;
former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, R-Calif.

___

CBS' "Face the Nation" - Sanders; Sen. Ron Johnson R-Wis.; Gov. John
Hickenlooper, D-Colo.

___

CNN's "State of the Union" - Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla.

___

"Fox News Sunday" - Corey Lewandowski, Trump's campaign manager; Sen. James
Lankford, R-Okla.; Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 7:02 PM GMT

Donald Trump breaks with nation's only Latina governor

BYLINE: By MORGAN LEE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 902 words

DATELINE: SANTA FE, N.M.


SANTA FE, N.M. (AP) - It was a stunning rebuke - even by Donald Trump's
standards - aimed at the nation's only Latina governor at a political rally in
her home state of New Mexico.

Trump chastised Republican Gov. Susana Martinez for not doing her job when it
came to unemployment, federal food aid and even containing the Syrian refugee
crisis while he stumped at a raucous political rally this week in the nation's
most Hispanic state. Martinez, who has not endorsed the presumptive GOP
presidential nominee, skipped the event in Albuquerque, citing a busy schedule.

The public spat dampened any lingering speculation that Martinez might be picked
as vice president to attract more female and minority voters to the Republican
ticket. It also thrust the second-term governor into the company of other
prominent Republicans who have withstood attacks as Trump attempts to
consolidate support ahead of the final round of primaries that includes New
Mexico and California.

Key politicians rushed to Martinez's defense, including U.S. House Speaker Paul
Ryan, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Florida Sen.
Marco Rubio, whom Martinez endorsed for the presidential nomination in March as
his campaign faltered.

"Susana Martinez is a great governor, she turned deficits into surpluses, she
cut taxes," Ryan told reporters this week.

Bush tweeted that Martinez is "the future of our party," and Walker said
Martinez had driven conservative reforms in a state that President Barack Obama
won twice.

At Tuesday's rally in Albuquerque, where protesters hurled burning T-shirts and
overran barricades, Trump described New Mexico as a state beset by unemployment
and rising dependence on federal food assistance, placing the blame squarely on
Martinez.

"Your governor has got to do a better job," Trump said. "She's not doing the
job. Hey, maybe I'll run for governor of New Mexico. I'll get this place going."

Asked about Martinez at a news conference Thursday, Trump acknowledged that she
had favored another Republican candidate but added, "I imagine she'll come over
to my side."

Martinez spokesman Michael Lonergan said the governor "will not be bullied into
supporting" Trump, describing the accusations as political pot shots. The
governor's office fired back that the billionaire businessman had used economic
data dating to 2000, a decade before Martinez was elected, to exaggerate trends
while overlooking her efforts to tie food benefits to work-related requirements.

Trump also said Syrian refugees arrived in "large numbers" to New Mexico, when
the tally since 2011 is 10.

Martinez, who is chairwoman of the Republican Governors Association, has
resisted endorsing Trump as she crisscrossed the country to speak at GOP
conventions and fundraisers. She needs to know more about his plans to support
New Mexico's national weapons laboratories and military bases and ensure other
federal funding to the state, a spokesman says.

For Martinez, Trump's rise has quickly shifted her assured standing in the
party. His comments struck at an open political wound, after members of the
state Republican Party have assailed the governor and a top political adviser
for their handling of the economy amid an oil and gas downturn. Unemployment in
the state has fallen gradually to 6.2 percent in April, leaving New Mexico among
the five worst states for jobs.

Signs of tensions with Trump emerged last summer when Martinez, whose paternal
grandparents came to the U.S. from Mexico in the early 1900s, criticized his
comments that Mexican immigrants bring drugs and crime and are rapists. More
recently, Martinez said Trump's plans for a bigger border wall would put trade
relations with Mexico and other Latin American countries at risk.

But the governor has taken a hard line on immigration enforcement, including a
five-year effort to do away with New Mexico's policy of issuing driver's
licenses to immigrants in the country illegally.

Those policies and aggressive border enforcement are applauded by Hispanic
Republicans including Rowena Baca, an alternate New Mexico delegate to this
summer's Republican National Convention who calls Martinez a friend.

Baca chalked up the standoff with Trump to a personality clash between the brash
billionaire and former district attorney from Las Cruces who has dealt firsthand
with smuggling cartels at the border.

"They're both on the same level, the same conservatism," said Baca, a business
owner in San Antonio, New Mexico.

Trump has vowed to return to New Mexico before the general election and win a
state where Democrats account for 47 percent of registered voters.

His rhetoric about building a border wall and mass deportations doesn't
necessarily spell political doom in a state were more than 45 percent of
residents identify as Hispanic or Latino, outnumbering non-Hispanic whites,
Albuquerque pollster Brian Sanderoff said.

Hispanics in New Mexico are less likely to be foreign-born than in Nevada or
California, making attitudes unpredictable toward immigration policy and
enforcement, Sanderoff said. New Mexico doesn't track race and ethnicity among
registered voters.

"If you're a New Mexico Hispanic who proudly traces your lineage here to the
1600s, you may not be as sympathetic toward illegal immigrants as some would
think," he said.

___

Associated Press writers Russell Contreras in Albuquerque and Erica Werner in
Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 6:58 PM GMT

Unprecedented excitement at Libertarian Party convention

BYLINE: By MIKE SCHNEIDER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO, Fla.


ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - The deep unpopularity of both Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton has led to an unprecedented level of excitement at the Libertarian
Party's presidential nominating convention in Orlando this year.

Libertarian officials said Friday as the four-day convention began that 985
delegates and 344 alternates were attending from all 50 states - a record.
Dues-paying members have increased by 30 percent since the beginning of the
year, Libertarian officials said.

"There's a lot more energy. ... There's so much attention being given to the
Libertarians," said former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, who with running mate
William Weld, the former Massachusetts governor, are considered front-runners
for the nomination.

There are 18 declared Libertarian presidential candidates, including Johnson,
who was the party's presidential nominee in 2012, and John McAfee, founder of
the anti-computer-virus company that bore his name. Johnson earned about 1
percent of the popular vote in 2012 for the political party that champions
limited government and individual freedom.

"There's so much excitement," said Austin Petersen, a presidential candidate
from Missouri. "The Libertarians have never seen so many good, quality
candidates. ... We've just never seen this much attention to our party, ever,
before."

Not running for office, but mingling with the Libertarians were Iron Man,
Frozen's Elsa, Mario Brothers characters and other costumed fanboys and fangirls
who were attending a comic-book convention at the same resort and had to walk
through the Libertarian exhibition hall. Also mixing with the Libertarians and
the MegaCon fans were Florida judges, whose meetings at the resort brought a
large presence of uniformed law enforcement officers.

Johnson doesn't have the fund-raising ability of Clinton or Trump, and he said
he is instead relying on news media appearances to boost his name recognition in
an effort to reach the necessary 15 percent threshold to qualify for the
presidential debates this fall.

"I don't think there is any question that we will be at 15 percent if we are in
the polls," Johnson said Friday. "That's really the key is getting in the
polls."

Johnson hopes to appeal to supporters of Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders,
with whom he shares many positions on social issues, although not economic ones,
he said Friday.

"Those same Bernie Sanders supporters ... are going to find themselves
philosophically siding with me more than they do with Hillary Clinton," Johnson
said. "When it comes to Bernie, we agree on so much, but when it comes to
economics, we get to a 'T' in the road and he goes one way and I go the other."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 3:21 PM GMT

Will Trump continue to dominate media in 1-on-1 match?

BYLINE: By DAVID BAUDER, AP Television Writer

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 903 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - During the height of the primary season, a sense of Donald Trump
overload in the media united a divided electorate.

Now, as things pivot toward a general election campaign almost certain to match
Trump against Hillary Clinton, television news producers will be watched to see
whether traditional notions of fairness and equal time will take hold in a
political season that has been anything but traditional.

The expected Republican nominee so dominated campaign coverage that by late
March a Pew Research Center survey found that 75 percent of Americans said the
media had given him too much attention.

"Donald Trump does make news and he does drive ratings," said Kathleen Hall
Jamieson, director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of
Pennsylvania. "He's invariably interesting, in the same way that watching the
Indy 500 is interesting. You're never exactly sure what's going to happen, but
there's always the possibility of a crash."

Evening news programs on ABC, CBS and NBC spent more than twice as much time on
the Republican primary campaign as on the Democrats this year through the end of
April, according to the Tyndall Report, which follows the content of those
broadcasts. Trump tallied 425 minutes of coverage, and Clinton had 117.

During a four-week period in March and April, the conservative watchdog Media
Research Center found that CNN spent 730 minutes on the Republican race and 214
on the Democrats. Trump had 331 minutes of coverage and Clinton had 110, the MRC
said.

CNN has drawn particular attention because its ratings have risen faster than
its rivals and, unlike Fox News Channel and MSNBC, both parties are more likely
to work with the network.

Some CNN employees have expressed concern, through internal channels, about
Trump's airtime. Yet it fits the playbook of CNN chief executive Jeff Zucker,
who believes in lavishing attention on big stories, be they missing planes or
politics. Zucker, who declined an interview request, has vigorously defended
CNN's coverage and said neither the network nor Trump should be punished for his
accessibility.

Now that the primaries are ending, "the sort of free-for-all season is over,"
said Frank Sesno, a journalism professor at George Washington University and
former CNN Washington bureau chief.

"All news organizations have an obligation to get serious and sober about how
they are going to cover this, about the equity with which they cover it," Sesno
said.

These discussions are already taking place informally and each day's coverage is
planned with fairness in mind, said one television news producer, who spoke on
condition of anonymity because of the issue's sensitivity. The producer
predicted the party nominees would get equal time or close to it.

"You're going to see more coverage than you can handle of both of them," the
producer said.

History shows how coverage changes with a campaign's focus. During the first
four months of 2008, the novel candidacy of Democrat Barack Obama received 243
minutes of coverage on the broadcast evening newscasts compared with Republican
John McCain's 138 minutes, Tyndall said.

Between Labor Day and Election Day, McCain had 212 minutes of coverage and Obama
185, Tyndall said. During the last three presidential elections featuring no
incumbent (2008, 2000 and 1988), the eventual loser had more coverage time,
although it was virtually even in 2000 - like the election itself. That's
probably because the underdog takes more chances toward the end, said news
consultant Andrew Tyndall.

Trump's accessibility and media consciousness - he recently called the CNN
newsroom to point out an interview done on Fox News - is a complicating factor.

"The problem for the networks is you have one candidate who is far more wary of
the media than she ought to be and you have another candidate who is far more
eager to be in the media than the media ought to allow," Jamieson said.

Sesno said Clinton needs to "rip off the Bubble Wrap and engage" the media far
more than she's probably comfortable with.

News organizations need to be careful with the extent to which they let Trump
drive the agenda, he said.

"The rule book has been shredded," he said. "I'm concerned that the echo chamber
of horse race, personality and charges and countercharges will eclipse the
serious conversation about candidates and policies that we should be having."

This past week provided fresh evidence that there's a lot more to coverage
decisions than counting minutes. Newsrooms were faced with a decision when Trump
attempted to tie Clinton to 1990s-era controversies - the Whitewater real estate
investigation and the suicide of a White House aide - where the Clintons were
investigated and no wrongdoing found.

"The way Trump works is to lay a lot of things out there on the assumption that
he's not going to be held accountable for them, but you'll tally them up to a
distrust of Hillary Clinton," Jamieson said.

Journalists need to weigh a responsibility not to publish misleading information
and play into Trump's strategy, with an obligation to report on the activities
of the Republican candidate for president and report on examples of how he
thinks, she said.

___

Follow David Bauder at twitter.com/dbauder. His work can be found at
http://bigstory.ap.org/content/david-bauder

___

This story has been corrected to note that Trump called CNN to point out
interview on Fox, but it wasn't his interview.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 3:02 PM GMT

Correction: DEM 2016-Clinton-Trump's Personal Attacks story

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 989 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - In a story May 22 about Donald Trump's personal attacks
against Hillary Clinton, the Associated Press reported about the findings of a
report done by EMILY'S List. It did not specify on whose behalf the research was
done. The research surveyed Emily's List donors and was for that group's
benefit, and was not conducted for the Clinton campaign's use.

A corrected version of the story is below:

Clinton shrugs, sees benefits in Trump's personal attacks

Hillary Clinton is just weeks away from wrapping up the Democratic nomination,
and friends, aides and supporters describe a candidate unconcerned by what she
expects will be Trump's increasingly direct attacks on her husband's personal
indiscretions

By LISA LERER and CATHERINE LUCEY

Associated Press

WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton has a message for Donald Trump: keep on
talking.

She's just weeks away from wrapping up the Democratic presidential nomination,
and friends, aides and supporters describe a candidate who isn't particularly
rattled by what she expects will be Trump's increasingly direct attacks on her
marriage and husband's personal indiscretions.

In fact, Clinton believes that she can turn Trump's deeply personal assaults to
her benefit, they say, particularly among suburban women who could be crucial to
her hopes in the fall. Her plan is never to engage in any back-and-forth over
the scandals. Instead, she'll merely cast him as a bully and talk about policy.

"I don't care what he says about me, but I do resent what he says about other
people, other successful women, who have worked hard, who have done their part,"
she told an audience in Louisville, Kentucky, this month.

Trump has made clear that nothing is off-limits. He described one of the
allegations of past sexual misconduct involving Bill Clinton as a rape.

"It's all fair," Trump told The Associated Press last week.

He drew a distinction between his own personal history, which includes three
marriages and public admissions of infidelity, with that of the former
president.

"He was the president of the United States when certain things happened," he
said. "My stuff is nothing when you take a look, in terms of a comparison."

Clinton said she wouldn't respond to those kinds of attacks. "That's exactly
what he's fishing for," she told CNN.

Her supporters contend Trump's slams on her character will motivate Democrats,
particularly female voters, so long as Clinton stays focused on rising above
these matters.

"I couldn't believe it, you blame the woman for male infidelity?" said Sen.
Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. "To me it was kind of bizarre that you would visit
the sins of one on the other. I don't think there's any woman in America that
doesn't understand that."

Trump says his quarrel with Hillary Clinton's character is rooted in her
involvement in past efforts to discredit the women linked to her husband, while
portraying herself as a champion of women's issues.

Aides at her campaign headquarters in New York have closely studied the various
strategies of the Republican primary contenders who tried - and failed - to
deflect Trump's insults. They expect far worst to be directed at Clinton.

"It is no surprise he is running his campaign from the gutter, but Hillary
Clinton doesn't care what he says about her," said Clinton spokesman Brian
Fallon.

Ed Klein, one of her most strident critics and the author of books spreading
often discredited rumors about her marriage, had lunch with Trump this month.

Another influence on Trump, GOP consultant Roger Stone, is known for peddling
conspiracy theories about the Clintons and recently came out with a book, "The
Clintons' War on Women," that outlines many of the allegations Trump has hinted
at already.

None of that particularly bothers Clinton, say aides, who's fended off personal
attacks for decades and has become disciplined at ignoring them. But friends say
Bill Clinton has been bracing for a revision of some of the worst moments of his
presidency, including his impeachment proceedings. While he's been looking
forward to going after Trump, some worry that he won't be able to stay on
message if Trump's attacks grow even more personal.

"He's despicable," said Susie Buell, a longtime Clinton backer, of Trump. "This
is the reality and they know it, they don't go into it with blinders on."

Clinton backers say she's seen her approval ratings rise in times of trouble.
Her favorability peaked in late 1998, after her husband was impeached during the
Monica Lewinsky scandal. And she won over female voters in New York after
Republican opponent Rick Lazio invaded her personal space during a Senate
debate.

"Hillary Clinton has been through a lot of fires in her life and her career,"
said Stephanie Schriock, president of Emily's List, a Democratic group that
backs female candidates who support abortion rights.

Still, Trump's eagerness to make gender a major issue has complicated the
delicate balancing act she already faces as the first woman to head a major
party ticket.

Clinton has stopped explicitly mentioning her role in history and joking about
being the "youngest woman president." That's by design: Those kinds of direct
appeals weren't working with voters.

"De-emphasize the 'first' talk," advised a research report done by Emily's List.
"They already know she'd be the first woman president," the 2015 report said of
how to address its own donors, "but we don't get anything by reminding them."

Another challenge, say some of her aides, is tuning out the sometimes
conflicting advice from her vast network of friends, former aides and advisers
when they offer guidance on running while female.

"If she's just herself it's going to be fine," said Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo.
"She just needs to be with America the way she is with us."

___

Lucey reported from Des Moines, Iowa. Associated Press writers Julie Pace and
Jeff Horowitz in Washington and Jill Colvin in Jersey City, New Jersey,
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 2:59 PM GMT

Duterte wins Philippine presidency in official count

BYLINE: By JIM GOMEZ, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 588 words

DATELINE: MANILA, Philippines


MANILA, Philippines (AP) - Philippine lawmakers completed the official vote
count from May 9 elections on Friday and announced that Mayor Rodrigo Duterte
won the presidency by an overwhelming margin, while Rep. Leni Robredo triumphed
as vice president.

Duterte, the tough-talking mayor of southern Davao city, received more than 16.6
million votes, 6.6 million more than his closest rival, former Interior
Secretary Mar Roxas, who was backed by outgoing President Benigno Aquino III.

About 81 percent of more than 54 million eligible voters cast ballots for a
successor to Aquino and thousands of other national, congressional and local
officials whose terms end on June 30, according to lawmakers and official
figures released by Congress.

Duterte had led by a wide margin in an earlier unofficial count, and most of his
rivals have conceded defeat. The vice presidential race, however, was closely
fought.

Robredo, who was also backed by Aquino, received more than 14.4 million votes,
according to the official count, just 263,000 more than Sen. Ferdinand Marcos
Jr., the son of a dictator ousted in a 1986 "people power" revolt sparked by
widespread human rights abuses and corruption.

Presidents and vice presidents are elected separately in the Philippines, and
often are from different parties.

It was not immediately clear if Robredo's victory would be contested by Marcos,
who has raised suggestions of election irregularities.

"It was a very divisive and difficult election," Robredo said in a TV interview.
"We need to rebuild as one country and President Duterte really needs all our
help."

Robredo, a lawyer who has helped the poor with free legal services, said she
learned of her victory while she was with her daughters at a cemetery in her
home province southeast of Manila to mark the 58th birthday of her late husband,
a reformist politician who perished in a 2012 plane crash.

Sen. Aquilino Pimentel III, who helped oversee the vote count, said Congress
will officially proclaim Duterte and Robredo as winners on Monday.

Duterte, 71, who has stayed mostly in Davao city since the elections, did not
immediately comment. He has said he does not plan to attend his proclamation as
president-elect in metropolitan Manila.

The outcome of the official count cements the stunning political rise of
Duterte, who won on an audacious promise to eradicate crime and corruption
within six months as president. The pledge resonated among many crime-weary
Filipinos, although police officials have said it is impossible to accomplish,
noting that crime continues to hound Davao city, where the president-elect has
served as mayor on and off for more than 22 years.

Human rights groups have also been alarmed by Duterte, who they suspect
instigated the extrajudicial killings of many crime suspects by
motorcycle-riding gunmen dubbed the Davao death squads in his city. The
suspicions have been bolstered by Duterte's public threats to kill drug dealers
and other criminals.

Aquino, the son of democracy champions who fought against Marcos' dictator
father, campaigned against Duterte, saying he may become a dictator.

Duterte has been likened to presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee
Donald Trump because of his brash rhetoric and unorthodox political style. The
Filipino politician detests the comparison, saying Trump is a bigot and he is
not.

He has said he plans to offer four Cabinet positions to designated allies of
communist guerrillas who have been waging a decades-long insurgency in the poor
Southeast Asian country.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 12:47 PM GMT

Origins of key Clinton emails from report are a mystery

BYLINE: By CHAD DAY, STEPHEN BRAUN and JACK GILLUM, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 987 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Since her use of a private email server was made public last
year, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has insisted she turned
over all work-related emails to the State Department to be released to the
public.

But after 14 months of public scrutiny and the release of tens of thousands of
emails, an agency watchdog's discovery of at least three previously undisclosed
emails has renewed concerns that Clinton was not completely forthcoming when she
turned over a trove of 55,000 pages of emails. And the revelation has spawned
fresh criticism from presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

The three messages include Clinton's own explanation of why she wanted her
emails kept private: In a November 2010 email, Clinton worried that her personal
messages could become accessible to outsiders. The messages appear to have been
found among electronic files of four former top Clinton State Department aides.

Two other messages a year later divulged possible security weaknesses in the
home email system she used while secretary of state. The Clinton campaign has
previously denied that her home server was compromised.

On Thursday, Clinton, who has called her use of a private email server "a
mistake," said she had been forthcoming with her personal emails and said she
believed her use of a private email account was allowed.

"I have provided all of my work-related emails, and I've asked that they be made
public, and I think that demonstrates that I wanted to make sure that this
information was part of the official records," Clinton said, according to an
interview transcript provided by ABC News.

Most of Clinton's emails have been made public by the State Department over the
past year due to both a court order and Clinton's willingness to turn them over.
But hundreds were censored for national security reasons and 22 emails were
completely withheld because the agency said they contained top secret material -
a matter now under investigation by the FBI.

Clinton said in March 2015 that she would turn over all work-related emails to
the State Department after removing private messages that contained personal and
family material. "No one wants their personal emails made public and I think
most people understand that and respect their privacy," she said after her
exclusive use of private emails to conduct State Department business was
confirmed by media reports.

Senate investigators have asked for numerous emails about Clinton's server as
part of their own inquiry into Clinton's email practices in recent months, but
they didn't get copies of key messages made public by the State Department's own
watchdog this week, a senior Republican senator said Thursday.

"It is disturbing that the State Department knew it had emails like this and
turned them over to the inspector general, but not to Congress," said Iowa Sen.
Charles Grassley, the chair of the Senate judiciary committee that's been
probing Clinton's use of a private server.

The emails appear to contain work-related passages, raising questions about why
they were not turned over to the State Department last year. The inspector
general noted that Clinton's production of work-related emails was "incomplete,"
missing not only the three emails but numerous others covering Clinton's first
four months in office.

The inspector general also found Clinton's email set up violated agency policies
and could have left sensitive government information vulnerable. It also
complicated federal archiving of her emails, in turn making it more difficult to
obtain them under the Freedom of Information Act.

On Thursday, Clinton told ABC News her use of the personal email was "allowed,"
saying that "the rules have been clarified since I left." In a later interview
Thursday with CNN, Clinton said she "believed it was allowed."

A spokesman for the Clinton campaign did not respond to emailed questions
Thursday. An inspector general's spokesman declined to discuss the report.

The report said the inspector general was able to reconstruct some of Clinton's
missing emails by searching the email files of four former Clinton aides who had
turned over thousands of pages of communications in 2015 at the request of the
State Department, which is defending itself in multiple public records lawsuits,
including one filed by The Associated Press. The four aides who turned over
those files, according to the report, were Clinton's former chief of staff,
Cheryl Mills, and top aides Huma Abedin, Jake Sullivan and Philippe Reines.

Abedin was the aide who authored the key email in November 2010 that provoked
Clinton's concerns about outsiders obtaining her personal emails. After the
State Department's computer spam filters apparently prevented Clinton from
sending a message to all department employees from her private server, Abedin
suggested that she either open an official agency email or make her private
address available to the agency.

Clinton told Abedin she was open to getting a separate email address but didn't
want "any risk of the personal being accessible." Clinton never used an official
State Department address, only using several private addresses to communicate.
Abedin, Mills, Sullivan and Reines all also used private email addresses to
conduct business, along with their government accounts.

Two other emails sent to Abedin were cited in the inspector general's report,
but also did not turn up among the emails released by Clinton. Those messages to
Abedin contained warnings in January 2011 from an unidentified aide to former
President Bill Clinton who said he had to shut down Hillary Clinton's New
York-based server because of suspected hacking attacks.

In response, Abedin warned Mills and Sullivan not to email Clinton "anything
sensitive" and said she would "explain more in person."

___

Follow on Twitter: Jack Gillum at https://twitter.com/jackgillum and Chad Day at
https://twitter.com/chadsday

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 9:59 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Today

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 391 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about today:

1. OBAMA MAKES HISTORIC VISIT TO HIROSHIMA

"Death fell from the sky and the world was changed," the president says in a
somber speech in the city where the U.S. dropped the first atomic bomb.

2. SIGNAL DETECTED FROM DOOMED EGYPTAIR JETLINER

The beacon narrows the search for the aircraft to a 5-kilometer (3-mile) radius
in the Mediterranean, where it crashed with 66 passengers and crew on board, an
Egyptian official says.

3. WHO'S GETTING SERIOUS LOOK FROM YOUNG US VOTERS BESIDES SANDERS

Twenty-five percent of people under 30 in a Harvard poll say they would vote for
Trump if he faced off against Hillary Clinton in the fall.

4. ALIBABA USES MONEY, INFLUENCE TO SWAY CRITICS, AP INVESTIGATION FINDS

In one instance, an anti-counterfeiting group went from calling for the world's
biggest e-commerce platform to be blacklisted to counting it among its
"strongest partners" in a few short years.

5. WHAT G-7 LEADERS SEE AS MAJOR RISK TO GLOBAL ECONOMY

The leaders, gathered at a summit in Japan, cite the possible departure of
Britain from the European Union as one of a number of potential shocks to the
world's financial system.

6. FATE OF SETTLER OUTPOST IS KEY TEST FOR NETANYAHU

A court order requires the Amona outpost in the West Bank be torn down by the
end of the year - a move that's expected to face staunch opposition from within
the prime minister's newly expanded hard-line government.

7. BAYLOR DEMOTES PRESIDENT, FIRES FOOTBALL COACH

The university is looking to rebuild its reputation and perhaps its football
program after an outside review found its administrators mishandled allegations
that football players sexually assaulted women.

8. US ISSUING PREDICTION FOR ATLANTIC HURRICANE SEASON

The government forecast comes as experts urge coastal residents not to be
complacent about their storm risks after 10 years without a major hurricane
making a U.S. landfall.

9. DEADLOCK - YET AGAIN - AT SCRIPPS NATIONAL SPELLING BEE

The competition ends in a tie for the third consecutive year, with Jairam
Hathwar and Nihar Janga declared co-champs after a roller-coaster finish.

10. WHICH TEAMS WILL VIE FOR LORD STANLEY'S CUP

Pittsburgh downs Tampa Bay 2-1 in a Game 7 to win the Eastern Conference crown
and advance to the finals against San Jose.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 8:30 AM GMT

Dump Trump? Some millennials aren't so sure

BYLINE: GILLIAN FLACCUS, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 850 words

DATELINE: COSTA MESA, Calif.


COSTA MESA, Calif. (AP) - Brendan De Regla drove three hours and waited in line
for half a day to see Donald Trump speak at a rally in Southern California.

Dozens of college-aged protesters shouted on the other side of a police line,
but De Regla, 22, stood unwaveringly in support of Trump.

"I just fell in love with him immediately," he said, sporting a "Make America
Great Again" T-shirt. "Since day one, I've loved him. But I knew it would take
some time for people to figure out what he was about and what he was going to do
and it's finally happening."

While most polls show Bernie Sanders is the overwhelming favorite of millennials
- voters between the ages of 18 and 35 -some young voters are taking a serious
look at Trump as the primary season rolls on. In a Harvard Institute of Politics
poll out this spring, 25 percent of people under 30 said they would vote for
Trump if he faced off against Hillary Clinton in the fall.

Sanders still has the clear advantage among millennials, and the same Harvard
poll shows 80 percent of young people with a very favorable opinion of Sanders
would vote for Clinton if he drops out.

But young voters are united in their anger and disillusionment, having come of
age during the Great Recession. Trump has tapped into that subset of those
voters in the same way as Sanders, despite their radically different policy
proposals, said Morley Winograd, a senior fellow at the University of Southern
California who has authored books on millennials.

Young voters think: "'The system is rigged, I need somebody to totally overthrow
the system' and that's what Trump says he's going to do and that's what Sanders
says he's going to do," he said. "You can understand where there might be those
commonalities."

Millennials are also deeply suspicious of corporate power and bureaucracy, in
part because many watched their own families suffer during the economic
meltdown. That leads to a greater distrust of Clinton, who is seen as part of
the establishment; 53 percent of those under 30 say they dislike Clinton,
according to the Harvard IOP poll.

"Right now, their disapproval of her is kind of hard to watch in some ways,"
said Kei Kawashima-Ginsberg, director of the Center for Information and Research
on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University, which has studied
millennial voting patterns in this election. What seems to be missing is party
loyalty among young people who are voting, Kawashima-Ginsberg said. "It seems to
be a mistake to assume that because there's a Democratic Party nominee that they
will vote for that person."

That's already been the case for 28-year-old Newport Beach voter Kevin Morton.

Morton, who is black, voted for Barack Obama in 2008, but then he lost his house
to foreclosure during the recession and was unemployed for a year.

Now a self-employed small business owner, Morton said he began to follow
politics more closely and studied up on what caused the economic collapse and
world politics.

He briefly considered Sanders for his honesty, but ultimately settled on Trump
because Sanders is "too hippyish."

"I'm going to vote Republican this election but that doesn't mean I'm
Republican. ... This is a choice we're making for the next four years."

Even some of the youngest millennials who didn't suffer the brunt of the
recession see promise in Trump.

Jeremy Wiggins, 20, is a junior at the University of Missouri and a delegate to
the Republican National Convention.

He plans to vote for Trump at the convention although he, too, respects Sanders
for his message, he said.

"You have an honesty (with) Sanders or Trump, an honesty with your candidate,"
he said. "But for why you'd choose Trump over Sanders, for somebody my age
you're going to be in the job market very soon, starting your first job, getting
health insurance and ... we want the jobs to be there."

Trump is still a long way from cementing the support of these voters, who "grew
up with this cultural norm of not bullying, being inclusive and with diversity
being seen as a strength, not a weakness," said Thad Kousser, a professor of
political science at the University of California, San Diego.

"Donald Trump has to talk in a different way if he's going to get these voters.
He can't just be that bully who says we need these jobs back," he said. "He
needs a message for people who are still looking for good jobs and who are more
comfortable with the new face of America."

Ian Smith, a 24-year-old who works with adolescents in drug and mental health
rehab, showed up at the same Trump rally in suburban Southern California.

He grew up with a Democratic activist mother but was torn between Trump and
Sanders before he was turned off on Trump by what he called the hatefulness of
the crowd.

Now, he prefers Sanders, but says Trump might come back into consideration in a
potential race with Clinton, who he thinks is an opportunist and a liar.

"To be perfectly honest, I'd flip a coin," Smith said of a choice between Trump
and Clinton. "I don't like either, but I'm going to vote, no matter what."

____

Follow Gillian Flaccus on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/gflaccus

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 7:36 AM GMT

Trump shifts to Clinton after claiming GOP delegate majority

BYLINE: By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 611 words

DATELINE: BISMARCK, N.D.


BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Presidential candidate Donald Trump, armed at last with a
majority of the Republican Party's delegates, is celebrating by shifting his
attention toward the general election while his likely Democratic opponent,
Hillary Clinton, remains locked in a divisive primary contest.

"Here I am watching Hillary fight, and she can't close the deal," Trump crowed
Thursday during an appearance in North Dakota. "We've had tremendous support
from almost everybody."

Trump's good news was tempered by ongoing internal problems, including the
sudden departure of his political director and continuing resistance by many
Republican leaders to declaring their support for his outsider candidacy.

At the same time, Clinton faced fresh questions about her use of a private email
server while secretary of state, even as she fought to pivot toward Trump, who
she warned would take the country "backward on every issue and value we care
about."

Campaigning before union workers in Las Vegas, she decried Trump's anti-union
comments and his proposal to deport millions of immigrants who are in the U.S.
illegally. She said he is an "unqualified loose cannon" who should never be
president.

Complicating her election challenge, Clinton's Democratic rival Bernie Sanders
embraced the possibility of a one-on-one debate with Trump. The Republican said
he'd "love to debate Bernie," but would want the debate to raise at least $10
million for charity.

Just 75 delegates short of her own delegate majority, Clinton remains on a path
to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination, according to an Associated
Press count. But Trump got there first.

The New York businessman sealed the majority by claiming a small number of the
party's unbound delegates who told The Associated Press they would support him
at the national convention in July. Among them was Oklahoma GOP chairwoman Pam
Pollard.

"I think he has touched a part of our electorate that doesn't like where our
country is," Pollard said. "I have no problem supporting Mr. Trump."

It takes 1,237 delegates to win the Republican nomination. Trump has reached
1,239 and will easily pad his total in primary elections on June 7.

At a rally in Billings, Montana, Trump offered new specifics on his general
election strategy.

"What I'm going to do is I want to focus on 15-or-so states," he said, that
could go "either way." Among those he mentioned: the Democratic bastions of
California and New York, which he insists he can put into play.

Trump said during a news conference Thursday that he would "absolutely" end his
habit of attacking fellow Republicans now that the nomination is effectively
his. But that truce appeared to be short-lived.

Speaking later at the Billings rally, Trump said 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney,
who has refused to endorse him, had "failed so badly." His campaign also
released a celebratory Instagram video that features a montage of former rivals,
including Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz, saying he would never be the party's nominee.

Trump's pivotal moment comes amid a new sign of internal problems.

Hours before clinching the nomination, he announced the departure of political
director Rick Wiley, who was leading the campaign's push to hire staff in key
battleground states. In a statement, Trump's campaign said Wiley had been hired
only until the candidate's organization "was running full steam."

___

Associated Press writers Steve Peoples in Washington, James Nord in Sioux Falls,
South Dakota, Marc Levy in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, James MacPherson in
Bismarck, North Dakota, Lisa Lerer in Las Vegas, Catherine Lucey in Des Moines,
Iowa, and Sean Murphy in Oklahoma City contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 7:01 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 53484a8a31464d008772242b55277099

LENGTH: 144 words


"I think he has touched a part of our electorate that doesn't like where our
country is. I have no problem supporting Mr. Trump." - Oklahoma GOP chairwoman
Pam Pollard, as Donald Trump sewed up the number of delegates needed to clinch
the Republican presidential nomination.

___

"We know that terrorist organizations would have no compunction about using a
weapon of mass destruction if they got their hands on it, so we've got a lot of
work." - President Barack Obama, on the eve of his historic trip to Hiroshima,
addressing the threat posed by the proliferation of nuclear weapons.

___

"The music, unfortunately, oftentimes celebrates violence, celebrates
degradation of women, celebrates the drug culture." - New York Police
Commissioner William Bratton, blaming gun violence at a packed concert in
Manhattan on the hip-hop culture. Four people were shot, one fatally.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 4:23 AM GMT

Moments from Trump's rise in chaotic GOP race, now settled

BYLINE: By LAURIE KELLMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1134 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The nicknames. The outrage. The rallies - and the protests.

The moments history will probably remember from the fight for the 2016
Republican presidential nomination are a procession of rule-breaking clashes,
followed by a slow-motion victory assured Thursday by a candidate no one -
including himself - was sure would succeed.

In the AP's delegate count, Donald Trump surpassed the number needed to give him
the nomination. That essentially closed out a raucous race on a quiet note, as a
small number of unbound delegates put him over the top by telling AP they had
decided to support him.

Trump dominated the GOP race from the moment a gilded escalator delivered the
tycoon into the mosh pit of 2016 presidential politics. That there were ever 16
other candidates seems like a footnote now; only four or so lasted long enough
to become real threats, individually and collectively, to Trump's march to the
nomination. The rest were casualties from a seemingly bygone political era when
candidates tried to "act presidential," avoided insulting groups of voters and
pretended they were men and women of the people.

Here's a look back at memorable turns in the contest:

___

THE ESCALATOR RIDE

Trump's descent from his penthouse into the basement of Trump Tower to announce
his candidacy on June 16 was a spectacle that foreshadowed the many ways he
would break the political rules.

For example: Play down your wealth so average Americans can relate to you. Mitt
Romney stumbled over this one in 2012. Trump, who's spent a lifetime branding
himself as an American ideal of wealth, didn't bother. He's spent the year
bragging about how rich he is and not pretending to have ever identified with
the struggling Americans he wants to lead. This was the moment Trump framed
himself not as a candidate people can relate to over a kitchen table, but as an
aspirational figure who will "make America great again."

__

THE WALL AND MUSLIMS

Trump hasn't mentioned many specifics about his policy proposals or how he'd pay
for them, but he's been clear about how he'd solve a pair of American "problems"
involving people not from the U.S.

On illegal immigration: Trump says he'd build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico
- and make Mexico pay for it. Good luck with that, Mexican leaders have
responded (in less polite terms). Trump says he'll also throw out all 11 million
people in the U.S. illegally.

His solution to the threat of attacks by Islamic radicals? Ban Muslims from
entering the United States for an indefinite period.

___

THE RALLIES, THE PROTESTS

They're big, exciting and sometimes scary spectacles. Most important, Trump
notes, they're not boring. "Are we having fun?" he asks. The crowd roars, every
time.

But what Trump calls "lovefests" have been marred by fights, injuries and
arrests. Inside the hall, the former reality star fuels the energy by dividing
the crowd into good and bad - supporters, good; protesters and journalists, bad.
Or as he puts it, "baaaaad."

He scans the hall for trouble - appearing eager to find it - and sometimes he
gets it, in the form of protesters who sneak into the venue and interrupt him.
He said at one point that he'd like to punch a protester in the face. Then it
really happened - a white Trump supporter in North Carolina punched a black
protester in the face.

Outside venues, there's been something other than love in the air. Fistfights
broke out among protesters who filled a Trump rally in Chicago, prompting him to
cancel the event. And this week in Albuquerque, New Mexico, a riot broke out at
a Trump event among supporters and people protesting the candidate's position on
immigration.

___

THE NICKNAMES

Trump displayed a gift for identifying supposed weaknesses of his rivals and
turning them into nicknames that stuck. The mild-mannered Jeb Bush, former
governor of Florida, never could shake Trump's characterization of him as "low
energy" and "weak." Sen. Ted Cruz became "Lyin' Ted," which didn't make the
widely disliked senator any more palatable. Trump's branding of Sen. Marco
Rubio, the eager young Latino star of the GOP, particularly stung. The Florida
senator became "Little Marco" and went on to lose his home state's GOP primary.

Now, with those rivals gone, Trump is talking about "Crooked Hillary" Clinton
and "Crazy Bernie" Sanders.

___

THE GOP'S CRISIS MANAGEMENT

Ignore him. Talk about your own public policy plans. Take him out.

And finally, talk to him.

The Republican Party that emerged from Romney's 2012 loss to President Barack
Obama vowed to appeal to Latinos and women as a matter of survival. They had no
idea how to rid the presidential field of Trump, who was alienating these groups
anew by proposing to deport people here illegally and remarking on the physical
appearance of women.

The fact that he was spending his own money - at least $43 million of it in the
end - meant the party had zero leverage over the billionaire who refused, then
promised, then wavered on whether to support the eventual Republican
presidential nominee if that person was not him.

As the late-night shows bubbled that the Trump jokes were virtually writing
themselves, Republicans fretted. GOP leaders widely denounced him. In the
hallways of Congress, Republicans went to elaborate lengths to avoid commenting.
And still Trump surged. Only now, with Trump's hold on the nomination
inevitable, is he reaching out to the very Washington establishment he's panned.

Republicans are increasingly giving Trump a chance - even if that's because they
view almost anyone as preferable to Hillary Clinton. Also, there is no other
choice - a desperate and late effort to derail Trump from the nomination
fizzled.

For many - including House Speaker Paul Ryan, who has yet to endorse Trump -
it's a close call.

___

THE SLO-MO VICTORY

"As far as I'm concerned, it's over."

That was Trump's reaction to his sweep April 26 of five state contests that he
said rendered his only remaining opponents, Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich,
irrelevant. But it wasn't quite over.

In practical terms, Trump effectively won control of the race on May 3, when he
defeated his rivals with 53 percent of the vote in Indiana - inspiring Cruz and
Kasich to quit. That's what made clear that an extraordinary fight over
delegates at the July convention - once seen as almost certain to happen - would
be avoided.

After Trump's win in an empty field Tuesday in Washington state, he still was 28
delegates short of the 1,237 needed to secure the prize. The AP's count of GOP
delegates Thursday found he had reached the magic number, 1,237.

Technically, it still isn't over until the delegates vote at the GOP convention
in Cleveland this summer. But it's settled, and sooner than almost anyone could
have imagined only weeks ago.

___

Follow Laurie Kellman at http://www.twitter.com/APLaurieKellman

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 4:23 AM GMT

Trump agrees to debate Sanders but sets stiff price

BYLINE: By LAURIE KELLMAN and DAVID BAUDER, Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump has provisionally accepted Bernie Sanders'
proposal to debate, but the billionaire is setting a high price for
participating. His condition: The hosting TV network would have to put up
millions of dollars for charity.

Representatives for Fox News, ABC News and CBS News say the networks are
interested in hosting such a showdown but would not comment on whether they'd be
willing to put up the $10 million Trump is demanding for women's health causes.
"We're always interested in more opportunities to hear from the candidates,"
said ABC spokeswoman Julie Townsend.

Trump said Thursday a host network would make millions from sky-high ratings and
should agree to turn over at least $10 million to women's health causes.

Overlooking the impediment of Trump's price tag on his acceptance, Sanders
tweeted that he was delighted that Trump accepted, adding: "Let's do it in the
biggest stadium possible."

Trump and Sanders see potential benefits for pursuing a prime-time event that
would be unprecedented, pitting the presumptive Republican nominee against the
clear Democratic underdog - and excluding likely Democratic nominee Hillary
Clinton.

But it's far from clear any such showdown will happen. In September, Trump
proposed that CNN donate profits from the second GOP debate to charity. CNN
never responded to the request, and the idea was dropped.

Clinton told reporters Thursday that she understood the proposal for a Sanders-
Trump debate was "a joke" and she's looking forward to debating Trump in the
general election campaign. Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said the idea was no
joke. "We're serious and hope Mr. Trump is, too," Briggs said.

He said Clinton declined to join Sanders in another Democratic debate.

Appearing on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live," Sanders said of Clinton's refusal to
debate in California: "I think it's kind of insulting to the people of the
largest state in the United States of America." He said he is genuinely
interested in a faceoff with Trump, saying the pair sees the world in vastly
different ways, adding that "the goal would be to have it in some big stadium."

Leaving out Clinton could have the effect of belittling her, despite her
commanding position on the verge of the Democratic nomination, and could give
both men free shots at her decades in public service as part of the
establishment they both deride.

For the publicity-loving Trump, such an event would allow him to make a pitch
for Sanders supporters who are watching, along the lines of the populism that
both men profess. Lately, Trump has been saying that Sanders is right on some
issues, although they are fundamentally far apart on many.

For Sanders, appearing onstage with fellow native New Yorker Donald Trump would
draw attention beyond his larger-than-expected base of young supporters.

Kelly McBride, a journalistic ethics expert and vice president at the Poynter
Institute, said the idea of a charitable donation as a requirement "creates the
perception of a conflict of interest but I don't think it creates a real
conflict of interest." She said networks already compromise themselves by
negotiating with campaigns over the moderators and formats for debates.

The back and forth came the same day an Associated Press count of GOP delegates
found that Trump has enough support to exceed the 1,237 delegates required to
win the GOP nomination. Sanders, in contrast, is far behind Clinton, who is 75
delegates short of the 2,383 needed to win the Democratic nomination. Clinton
has commitments of support from 2,308 delegates to Sanders' 1,539.

___

Bauder reported from New York. Associated Press writers Ken Thomas and Hope Yen
contributed to this report.

___

Follow Kellman and Bauder on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/APLaurieKellman
and http://www.twitter.com/dbauder

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 4:20 AM GMT

Australian party leader says some Trump views 'barking mad'

BYLINE: By ROD McGUIRK, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: CANBERRA, Australia


CANBERRA, Australia (AP) - Australia's opposition leader on Friday described
some of the presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's views
as "barking mad," breaking a longstanding Australian convention of avoiding
taking sides in U.S. political contests.

Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull criticized opposition leader Bill Shorten for
potentially offending Americans through his comments during a radio interview.

Australia is in the early weeks of campaigning before the July 2 election and
how its leader would deal with a possible President Trump has emerged as an
issue.

The United States is Australia's most important strategic ally and successive
Australian governments undertake to work with whatever administration Americans
choose.

Shorten, who leads the center-left labor Party, told a Darwin radio station that
a Trump administration was among "the sort of scenarios you hope don't emerge."

"I think Donald Trump's views are just barking mad on some issues," Shorten
said.

"America's a great friend of Australia; whoever they dish up we'll work with,
but: wow, Trump's sort of - It's sort of the ultimate victory of celebrity
politics," he added.

Shorten described Trump's popularity as the "ultimate protest vote," and a
warning that Australia should pursue policies of fairness and equality.

Shorten later defended his strident attack on Trump at a news conference, but
declined to repeat his "barking mad" comment in front of television cameras.

"I think he's got very erratic views. I think that the views he has are not
views that sit comfortably with the mainstream of Australian opinion," Shorten
said.

Turnbull, who leads a conservative coalition, later declined to give his own
views on Trump.

"You can imagine how Australians would feel if an American president were to
describe one of our prime ministerial aspirants as 'barking mad.' You can
imagine the resentment and ill will that would create in Australia," Turnbull
told reporters.

"It is absolutely critical that our ... prime minister, whether it is me or Mr.
Shorten, is able to deal with the new American president ... without the
relationship being clouded or affected by comments of the kind Mr. Shorten has
made," he added.

Turnbull in January made his only trip to the United States as prime minister
and spoke to a single Republican seeking the presidential nomination, taking a
phone call from Marco Rubio. Turnbull also took a call from Democratic contender
Hillary Clinton, whom the former merchant banker has known since 1992.

Leaders of major Australian parties rarely weigh into American domestic
politics. But in 2007, then conservative Prime Minister John Howard created a
furor by saying al-Qaida would be praying for a victory by then Democrats
presidential hopeful Barack Obama because the Illinois senator promised to
withdraw troops from Iraq.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 4:14 AM GMT

Over the top: Trump sews up delegates to seal GOP nomination

BYLINE: By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1052 words

DATELINE: BISMARCK, N.D.


BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Triumphantly armed with a majority of his party's
delegates, Republican Donald Trump unleashed a broadside attack Thursday on
Hillary Clinton's prescriptions for energy, guns, the economy and international
affairs, shifting abruptly toward the general election with his likely
Democratic opponent locked in a divisive primary contest.

The New York billionaire shrugged off signs of discord in his party hours after
sewing up the number of delegates needed to clinch the GOP nomination, a feat
that completed an unlikely rise that has upended the political landscape and set
the stage for a bitter fall campaign.

"Here I am watching Hillary fight, and she can't close the deal," Trump crowed
during an appearance in North Dakota. "We've had tremendous support from almost
everybody."

Trump's good news was tempered by ongoing internal problems. Those include the
sudden departure of his political director and continuing resistance by many
Republican leaders, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and New Mexico Gov. Susana
Martinez, to declaring their support for his outsider candidacy.

At the same time, Clinton faced fresh questions about her use of a private email
server while secretary of state, even as she fought to pivot toward Trump, who
she warned would take the country "backward on every issue and value we care
about."

The State Department's inspector general released a report a day earlier
concluding that Clinton did not seek legal approval for her private email
server, guaranteeing the issue will continue nagging her campaign for a second
summer. She insisted Thursday that she had done nothing wrong.

"It was allowed. And the rules have been clarified since I left about the
practice. Having said that, I have said many times, it was a mistake. And, if I
could go back, I would do it differently," Clinton said, according to an
interview transcript provided by ABC News.

Campaigning before union workers in Las Vegas, she decried Trump's anti-union
comments and his proposal to deport millions of immigrants who are in the U.S.
illegally. She said he is an "unqualified loose cannon" who should never be
president.

Complicating her election challenge, Clinton's Democratic rival Bernie Sanders
embraced the possibility of a one-on-one debate with Trump. The Republican said
he'd "love to debate Bernie," but would want the debate to raise at least $10
million for charity.

"The problem with debating Bernie," Trump noted, "he's going to lose."

Sanders, appearing on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live," kept alive the notion of a
debate, saying that he and Trump have "very different" views of the world.
Sanders said "the goal would be to have it in some big stadium here in
California."

Just 75 delegates short of her own delegate majority, Clinton remains on a path
to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination, according to an Associated
Press count. But Trump got there first.

The New York businessman sealed the majority by claiming a small number of the
party's unbound delegates who told the AP they would support him at the national
convention in July. Among them was Oklahoma GOP chairwoman Pam Pollard.

"I think he has touched a part of our electorate that doesn't like where our
country is," Pollard said. "I have no problem supporting Mr. Trump."

It takes 1,237 delegates to win the Republican nomination. Trump has reached
1,239 and will easily pad his total in primary elections on June 7.

Many on the right have been slow to warm to Trump, wary of his conservative bona
fides. Others worry about his crass personality and the lewd comments he's made
about women.

Trump said during a press conference Thursday that he would "absolutely" end his
habit of attacking fellow Republicans now that the nomination is effectively
his. But that truce appeared to be short-lived.

Speaking later at a rally in Billings, Montana, Trump said 2012 GOP nominee Mitt
Romney, who has refused to endorse him, had "failed so badly." His campaign also
released a celebratory Instagram video that features a montage of former rivals,
including Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz, saying he would never be the party's nominee.

Still, millions of grass-roots activists, many of them outsiders to the
political process, have embraced Trump as a plain-speaking populist.

Steve House, chairman of the Colorado Republican Party and an unbound delegate
who confirmed his support of Trump to the AP, said he likes the billionaire's
background as a businessman.

"Leadership is leadership," House said. "If he can surround himself with the
political talent, I think he will be fine."

Still, Trump's pivotal moment comes amid a new sign of internal problems.

Hours before clinching the nomination, he announced the departure of political
director Rick Wiley, who was leading the campaign's push to hire staff in key
battleground states. In a statement, Trump's campaign said Wiley had been hired
only until the candidate's organization "was running full steam."

His hiring about six weeks ago was seen as a sign that party veterans were
embracing Trump's campaign. The White House contender ignored questions about
internal problems on Thursday and instead took aim at Clinton.

He told a Bismarck audience that Clinton has "declared war on the American
worker," that she's "going to abolish your right to own guns," and that she
created a foreign policy legacy "of total chaos."

He said, "The choice in November is a choice between a Clinton agenda that puts
donors first or an agenda that puts America first: my agenda."

Trump also entered a new phase on the fundraising front. Having bashed donors
for much of the past year, he hosted his first major campaign fundraiser the
night before: a $25,000-per-ticket dinner in Los Angeles.

At the Billings rally, Trump offered new specifics on his general election
strategy.

"What I'm going to do is I want to focus on 15-or-so states," he said, that
could go "either way."

Among those he mentioned: the Democratic bastions of California and New York,
which he insists he can put into play.

___

Associated Press writers Steve Peoples in Washington, James Nord in Sioux Falls,
South Dakota, Marc Levy in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, James MacPherson in
Bismarck, North Dakota, Lisa Lerer in Las Vegas, Catherine Lucey in Des Moines,
Iowa, and Sean Murphy in Oklahoma City contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1960 words


Obama ready to face historic, haunted ground of Hiroshima

HIROSHIMA, Japan (AP) - Convinced that the time for this moment is right at
last, President Barack Obama on Friday will become the first American president
to confront the historic and haunted ground of Hiroshima.

Here, at this place of so much suffering, where U.S. forces dropped the atomic
bomb that gave birth to the nuclear age, Obama will pay tribute to the 140,000
people who died from the attack seven decades ago.

He will not apologize. He will not second-guess President Harry Truman's
decision to unleash the awful power of nuclear weapons. He will not dissect
Japanese aggression in World War II.

Rather, Obama aimed to offer a simple reflection, acknowledging the devastating
toll of war and coupling it with a message that the world can - and must - do
better.

He will look back, placing a wreath at the centopath, an arched monument in
Hiroshima's Peace Memorial Park honoring those killed by the bomb that U.S.
forces dropped on Aug. 6, 1945. A second atomic bomb, dropped on Nagasaki three
days later, killed 70,000 more.

___

Obama's every gesture will be scrutinized in Hiroshima visit

HIROSHIMA, Japan (AP) - Every gesture. Every word uttered or avoided. Every
person Barack Obama speaks with, listens to and stands beside in Hiroshima. All
of it will help determine the success of a trip with huge potential political
and diplomatic pitfalls, both in America and Asia.

The leader of the United States is already one of the world's most watched
people. But that daily scrutiny will be magnified exponentially when Obama makes
the first presidential journey to the place where the first atomic bomb attack
killed tens of thousands 71 years ago.

Obama's mere presence among the nightmare images of death and destruction that
linger in Hiroshima will be what most casual observers will remember. But there
are many other people with deep political and personal interests in Northeast
Asia's long-running history battles who will be eager to parse Obama's every
move.

Bomb victims will be looking for compassion. Many in neighboring countries and
the United States will want clear condemnation of Imperial Japan's colonial and
wartime atrocities - and not a whiff of anything that could be seen as an
apology for what they see as justified bombs. And nonproliferation experts will
want proof that Obama is working to "earn" the Nobel Peace Prize he received for
advocating a world without nuclear weapons.

Here is a look at how Obama's gestures might shape his historic, politically
fraught visit to Hiroshima:

___

10 Things to Know for Friday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. OBAMA READY TO FACE HIROSHIMA'S HISTORIC GROUND

The first American president to confront the place of great suffering, he will
pay tribute to the 140,000 people who died from the attack seven decades ago.

2. TRUMP SEWS UP DELEGATES TO SEAL GOP NOMINATION

The feat completes an unlikely rise that has upended the political landscape and
set the stage for a bitter fall campaign.

___

G7 leaders pledge collective action on sagging global growth

ISE, Japan (AP) - The leaders of the Group of Seven advanced economies pledged
Friday to "collectively tackle" major risks to global growth, including direct
political threats to the international order from terrorist attacks, violent
extremism and refugee flows.

G-7 leaders wrapped up their annual summit Friday in central Japan with a
declaration that claimed a "special responsibility" for leading international
efforts to cope with those challenges.

They committed to a cooperative approach in beefing up policies to stimulate and
sustain growth of their sluggish economies with use of flexible spending
strategies to create jobs and shore up confidence in uncertain times.

"Weak demand and unaddressed structural problems are the key factors weighing on
actual and potential growth," the statement said. "We have strengthened the
resilience of our economies in order to avoid falling into another crisis and to
this end commit to reinforce our efforts to address the current economic by
taking all appropriate policy responses in a timely manner."

"We remain committed to ensuring that growth is inclusive and job-rich,
benefiting all segments of our societies," it said.

___

Over the top: Trump sews up delegates to seal GOP nomination

BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Triumphantly armed with a majority of his party's
delegates, Republican Donald Trump unleashed a broadside attack Thursday on
Hillary Clinton's prescriptions for energy, guns, the economy and international
affairs, shifting abruptly toward the general election with his likely
Democratic opponent locked in a divisive primary contest.

The New York billionaire shrugged off signs of discord in his party hours after
sewing up the number of delegates needed to clinch the GOP nomination, a feat
that completed an unlikely rise that has upended the political landscape and set
the stage for a bitter fall campaign.

"Here I am watching Hillary fight, and she can't close the deal," Trump crowed
during an appearance in North Dakota. "We've had tremendous support from almost
everybody."

Trump's good news was tempered by ongoing internal problems. Those include the
sudden departure of his political director and continuing resistance by many
Republican leaders, including House Speaker Paul Ryan and New Mexico Gov. Susana
Martinez, to declaring their support for his outsider candidacy.

At the same time, Clinton faced fresh questions about her use of a private email
server while secretary of state, even as she fought to pivot toward Trump, who
she warned would take the country "backward on every issue and value we care
about."

___

Trump uses energy speech to outline general election pitch

BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump
unveiled an "America first" energy plan he said would unleash unfettered
production of oil, coal, natural gas and other energy sources to push the United
States toward energy independence.

But the speech, delivered at the annual Williston Basin Petroleum Conference in
Bismarck, North Dakota, went far beyond energy, as Trump laid out, in his most
detail to date, a populist general election pitch against likely rival Hillary
Clinton.

"She's declared war on the American worker," Trump said of Clinton, reading from
prepared remarks in a stadium packed with thousands.

Trump delivered the policy address just hours after The Associated Press
determined he had won the number of delegates needed to clinch the Republican
presidential nomination. He focused on coal, in particular, to help make his
case against Clinton, his likely Democratic opponent in the general election.

In March, Clinton said, "We're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal
companies out of business." She has since walked back the remark, calling it "a
misstatement" and outlining a plan to help displaced coal workers.

___

Black activists are looking beyond the courtroom for change

BALTIMORE (AP) - Black activists in Baltimore and beyond say they are
disappointed but not discouraged after neither of the first two police officers
to stand trial in the death of Freddie Gray was convicted.

A number of black leaders said that they had low expectations of seeing anyone
found guilty, and that bringing about real and lasting change in the criminal
justice system will require action both inside and outside the courtroom,
including pushing for new laws and reforms in police procedures.

"You don't judge a war by winning or losing battles," said the Rev. Al Sharpton,
the longtime civil rights leader. "We're not prosecutors; we're activists. If
you gauge (the 1960s) by one case, it's depressing. If you look at the bills
that came out of it, you understand the big picture."

Gray died just over a year ago after suffering a broken neck in the back of a
police van while he was handcuffed and shackled but not buckled in. His death
triggered the worst riots in decades in Baltimore and added his name to the list
of unarmed black people in the U.S. who have died in confrontations with police.

Baltimore's top prosecutor swiftly filed charges against six officers, two of
whom have gone to trial. One case ended with the jury deadlocked; that officer
will be retried in the fall. The other case ended on Monday with a judge
acquitting an officer of assault and other charges.

___

More severe weather and tornadoes roil Plains; no injuries

CHAPMAN, Kan. (AP) - Severe weather spawning numerous tornadoes roiled large
stretches of Kansas for a second day Thursday, prompting residents to anxiously
watch the skies but causing only scattered damage in rural areas and no injuries
or deaths.

A late afternoon tornado warning in the Kansas City area prompted a brief
precautionary evacuation of Kansas City International Airport in Missouri,
forcing travelers and other visitors into parking garage tunnels, local media
reported. The airport was back in operation by early evening.

The area was on high alert a day after a half-mile-wide tornado stayed on the
ground for about 90 minutes near Chapman, Kansas, Wednesday night and traveled
26 miles.

The National Weather Service began issuing tornado warnings early Thursday
afternoon, with the first sighting of a tornado near the tiny northeast Kansas
town of St. George in Riley County about 2 p.m.

An hour later, five tornadoes were reported in a cluster of counties in
northeast Kansas, where law enforcement reported baseball-size hail that damaged
cars and homes in Meriden northeast of Topeka.

___

Rapper arrested in T.I. concert shooting that killed 1

NEW YORK (AP) - Police investigating a deadly shooting at a packed hip-hop
concert arrested a rap artist Thursday, saying surveillance footage showed him
stalking through the venue firing a gun.

Roland Collins, who's from Brooklyn and goes by the stage name Troy Ave, will
face attempted murder and weapons charges, a police spokesman said.

Four people were shot, one fatally, when a fight started Wednesday night in a
performers' lounge at a Manhattan concert hall where the star rapper T.I. was
scheduled to perform.

The man who died, Ronald McPhatter, was a member of Collins' entourage and had
been there to provide security, according to his family. Collins, 33, suffered a
gunshot wound to the leg, police said.

An 8-second video clip released by police shows the gunman bursting through the
door of a VIP room in apparent pursuit of another man, who flees off-screen.

___

Jury sides with Google in battle over Android software

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Google's Android software just dodged a $9 billion bullet.

A federal jury found Thursday that Google didn't need permission to use a
rival's programming tools as it built Android - now the world's leading
smartphone operating software and a key part of Google's multi-billion dollar
Internet business.

Software competitor Oracle claimed Google had stolen its intellectual property
and reaped huge profits by copying pieces of an Oracle programming language
called Java. But the jury in U.S. District Court found that Google made "fair
use," under copyright law, of Java elements that help different software
programs work together.

Oracle, which had sought $9 billion in damages, immediately said it would
appeal.

The verdict was closely watched in Silicon Valley, in part because many popular
features of today's smartphones only work because apps can "talk" to one another
or the phone's underlying software. Google's supporters - a group that included
other tech firms, trade associations and the Electronic Frontier Foundation, an
Internet rights group - warned that an Oracle victory would hamper future
innovation by making that software cooperation more difficult and expensive.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 2:42 AM GMT

Trump uses energy speech to outline general election pitch

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and MATTHEW DALY, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: BISMARCK, N.D.


BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump
unveiled an "America first" energy plan he said would unleash unfettered
production of oil, coal, natural gas and other energy sources to push the United
States toward energy independence.

But the speech, delivered at the annual Williston Basin Petroleum Conference in
Bismarck, North Dakota, went far beyond energy, as Trump laid out, in his most
detail to date, a populist general election pitch against likely rival Hillary
Clinton.

"She's declared war on the American worker," Trump said of Clinton, reading from
prepared remarks in a stadium packed with thousands.

Trump delivered the policy address just hours after The Associated Press
determined he had won the number of delegates needed to clinch the Republican
presidential nomination. He focused on coal, in particular, to help make his
case against Clinton, his likely Democratic opponent in the general election.

In March, Clinton said, "We're going to put a lot of coal miners and coal
companies out of business." She has since walked back the remark, calling it "a
misstatement" and outlining a plan to help displaced coal workers.

Trump said Thursday he would do everything he could "free up the coal" and bring
back thousands of coal jobs lost amid steep competition from cheaper natural gas
and regulations designed to cut air pollution and reduce greenhouse gases blamed
for global warming.

"They love it," Trump said of those who work in coal mines. "We're going to
bring it back and we're going to help those people because that's what they want
to do."

The comment marked a shift from a remark Trump made in a 1990 interview with
Playboy Magazine, when he compared his career in real estate to "the story of
the coal miner's son."

"The coal miner gets black-lung disease. His son gets it, then his son. If I had
been the son of a coal miner, I would have left the damn mines," he told
Playboy. "But most people don't have the imagination - or whatever - to leave
their mine."

Asked Thursday about the Playboy comment, Trump responded in an email. "I never
had the imagination to leave the real estate industry, until I recently decided
to make America great again," he said. "We tend to follow up our father's
footsteps, and that's the lifestyle we want, even if it's tougher than other
alternatives. ... Being a coal miner is really tough, but that's what they love
and unlike Hillary Clinton, I am going to make sure they have they have their
jobs for many years to come."

Trump also promised Thursday to cancel the Paris climate agreement and stop all
payments of U.S. tax money to a United Nations fund to mitigate effects of
climate change worldwide.

He is among many Republicans who reject mainstream climate science. He has
called climate change a "con job" and a "hoax" and suggested it is a Chinese
plot "to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive."

He accused President Barack Obama of doing "everything he can to get in the way
of American energy."

Trump's comments were out of step with an ongoing oil boom that has raised U.S.
production to record level and cut gas prices to about $2.30 per gallon. The
United States has been the world's top producer of petroleum and natural gas for
the last four years, according to the Energy Department.

Since Obama took office in 2009, U.S. onshore crude oil production has increased
by nearly 90 percent.

Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club, said Trump's "so-called
energy plan" was "an unmitigated disaster. It's clear that Donald Trump would
bankrupt our air, water and climate just like he's bankrupted his businesses."

Brune called Trump a climate-change denier and said "his fossil fuel comeback
plan is a dirty fantasy disconnected from economic realities and our moral
imperative to transition to clean energy. There are open pools of oil in North
Dakota right now that are deeper than Trump's understanding of energy issues."

North Dakota is at the heart of America's oil boom and now is the second largest
oil-producing state after Texas, thanks largely to huge reserves in the oil-rich
Bakken region and advances in fracking and other drilling technology.

Despite his political position on climate, there is evidence Trump the
businessman is moving to hedge his bets.

Earlier this month, one of Trump's companies specifically cited sea level rise
and increased storminess fueled by global warming in paperwork seeking
permission to build a nearly two-mile-long stone wall to fortify the shoreline
at one of his golf courses in Ireland.

__

Associated Press writers Steve Peoples, Michael Biesecker, Erica Werner and
Julie Pace in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 2:34 AM GMT

Colorado governor attends event wearing Trump, Sanders socks

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 135 words

DATELINE: DENVER


DENVER (AP) - Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper says he was just having a little
fun when he showed up to a book signing sporting a pair of socks featuring
caricatures of presidential candidates Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders.

Hickenlooper, a Democrat, arrived Thursday at the downtown Denver brewpub he
once owned wearing a sock on his right foot showing the Republican Trump and one
featuring the Democrat Sanders on the left. Both socks featured wisps of fake
hair, a nod to the candidates' often ridiculed hairstyles.

The governor says he bought the socks at a store in Grand Junction and that
socks portraying Hillary Clinton were sold out.

Hickenlooper was promoting his new autobiography, the release of which has
fueled speculation that he is positioning himself to join Clinton's presidential
campaign ticket.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 1:47 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Friday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Friday:

1. OBAMA READY TO FACE HIROSHIMA'S HISTORIC GROUND

The first American president to confront the place of great suffering, he will
pay tribute to the 140,000 people who died from the attack seven decades ago.

2. TRUMP SEWS UP DELEGATES TO SEAL GOP NOMINATION

The feat completes an unlikely rise that has upended the political landscape and
set the stage for a bitter fall campaign.

3. MANY OPT TO TAKE SOCIAL SECURITY BEFORE FULL RETIREMENT AGE

An AP-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll says 43 percent of those 50
and older plan to claim their benefits before 65 or 66 for those born between
1943 and 1954 - even though that means a smaller check each month.

4. TRAPPED GROUP ESCAPES KENTUCKY CAVE

Nineteen people walk through neck-deep water to get to safety, authorities say.

5. MORE THAN 4,000 MIGRANTS RESCUED IN SINGLE DAY

At least 20 die trying to reach Europe as Libyan-based smugglers take advantage
of calmer seas to send desperate would-be refugees north.

6. WHO FACES PRESSURE TO RUN FOR RE-ELECTION TO SENATE

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is taking the lead in a campaign to get
Sen. Marco Rubio to reconsider his plans to retire.

7. WHY BAYLOR DEMOTES UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT

Ken Starr is stripped of his job after a scathing report over the school's
handling of sexual assault complaints against players.

8. WHICH U.S. BEACH IS THE BEST

Hawaii's Hanauma Bay on Oahu is No 1 on an annual top 10 list compiled by
coastal science professor Stephen Leatherman, also known as Dr. Beach.

9. WHAT MICHELLE OBAMA TELLS NATIVE AMERICAN STUDENTS

In her commencement speech, the first lady encourages graduates to take pride in
their history and cultures.

10. PENSKE THE STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE AT INDY AFTER 50 YEARS

But he particularly shines at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, where he has a record
16 Indianapolis 500 victories.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 12:20 AM GMT

Gates leaves Boy Scouts presidency, defends gay adult policy

BYLINE: By NOMAAN MERCHANT, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


DALLAS (AP) - Robert Gates became the Boy Scouts of America's president facing
deep divisions within the organization's membership over whether to let gays
serve openly in its ranks.

On Thursday, Gates finished his two-year term by arguing the Scouts had overcome
that challenge and were ready to reverse years of membership declines.

In a speech to Scouting leaders, the former U.S. secretary of defense defended
the compromise last year to allow openly gay adult leaders to serve in the
Scouts, but give churches sponsoring troops the right to use sexual orientation
as a guideline for selecting leaders.

Gates called the move a "difficult decision," but one that has been accepted by
"the overwhelming preponderance of sponsoring institutions and volunteer
leaders," according to prepared remarks released by the Scouts.

"Most importantly, through these challenges we have maintained our unity as a
movement," Gates said. "Significantly, membership in recent months has begun to
move in a positive direction for the first time in many years."

An Eagle Scout during his childhood in Kansas, Gates became Scouting president
in 2014 after a long career in public service, including leading the Department
of Defense under two presidents. He took over an organization facing steep
membership declines and a split between its core membership - churches and
religious groups, many of which opposed allowing gays - and corporate sponsors
and local councils that wanted to see Scouting's membership policies changed.

As defense secretary, Gates had overseen the end of the "don't ask, don't tell"
policy regarding gays in the military. In his first speech as Scouting
president, Gates told BSA leaders that had he been with the organization during
the 2013 vote allowing openly gay youth, he would have pushed for gay adults to
be included, too. He said he would not revisit that decision during his term,
though.

But that proved impossible as several local Scouting councils flouted the ban on
openly gay adults and anti-discrimination laws in many states opened the Scouts
to possible lawsuits, Gates said Thursday.

Gates argued that last year's compromise has allowed the Scouts to begin
reversing membership declines. He said that membership was down 2.8 percent this
year, after a nearly 4 percent decline last year, but that there were positive
signs in Cub Scouts and that new corporate sponsors were joining Scouting.

"Contrary to what you hear from some politicians, we continue to live in a great
country," Gates said, in an apparent reference to the "Make America Great Again"
catchphrase of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

"America needs Scouting to remind all of their duty to our country," Gates
added.

Gates will be replaced by AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson.

Zach Wahls, spokesman for the advocacy group Scouts for Equality, said Thursday
that he hoped Stephenson and other leaders could continue to help the
organization grow.

"The Scouts still have an imperfect policy," he said. "But I think it's
self-evident that there's less discrimination in the Boy Scouts of America than
when Dr. Gates took office two years ago, and that is something I think we can
all celebrate."

___

Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/nomaanmerchant .

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 11:44 PM GMT

Loss, accusations mark a turbulent few days for Johnny Depp

BYLINE: By SANDY COHEN, AP Entertainment Writer

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Johnny Depp seemed the picture of rock star cool as he played
guitar onstage in Portugal with his band, the Hollywood Vampires. An ocean away,
he is facing serious accusations.

A judge on Friday ordered Depp to stay away from estranged wife, Amber Heard,
after she accused the Oscar-nominated actor of repeatedly hitting her during a
recent fight and leaving her face bruised.

Depp's publicist has not responded to a request for comment, and the "Pirates of
the Caribbean" star made no mention of the allegations during his Friday night
concert in Lisbon.

Depp appeared on stage puffing a small cigar and playing rhythm guitar to a
large crowd that had gathered for a Rock in Rio concert. The 52-year-old was
introduced to the cheering audience as "the wings of the vampire" by band-member
Alice Cooper.

The restraining order was issued on the day Depp's latest film, "Alice Through
the Looking Glass," opened in theaters and caps a turbulent week for the star.
His mother died May 20 and Heard filed for divorce on Monday. On Friday, she
appeared in court with a bruise on her right cheek below the eye, saying Depp
threw her cellphone at her during a fight.

Heard's filing alleges a history of abuse throughout her relationship with Depp,
which started after they met on the set of the 2011 film "The Rum Diary." A
judge ordered Depp to stay away from Heard and not to attempt contact with her
before a June 17 hearing.

Los Angeles Police responded to a domestic violence call at the couple's home on
May 21, but the person who made the call declined to file charges and officers
determined no crime occurred.

Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Carl H. Moor rejected Heard's request that Depp
attend a year's worth of anger management classes and the protective order
extend to her dog, a Yorkshire terrier named Pistol. The status of the couple's
other dog, Boo, was not immediately known. (The dogs received worldwide
publicity last year when Heard brought them into Australia without proper
documentation. Heard and Depp released an awkward video last month apologizing
for the action.)

Depp's attorney, Laura Wasser, declined to comment. Wasser wrote in a court
filing that Depp was out of the country and would agree to a mutual stay-away
order. Heard is seeking spousal support but Depp's response filed Wednesday
asked a judge to deny the request.

Depp has been working steadily for the past few years, but his work has not
always connected with the public. His eccentric heist comedy "Mortdecai" was a
flop, but he rebounded by playing Whitey Bulger in the hit mobster film "Black
Mass."

Depp has also filmed "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales" - the
fifth installment of the long-running franchise - and even played Donald Trump
in a satirical comedy for the website Funny or Die. Last year, he and the
Hollywood Vampires - Cooper and Joe Perry - released their self-titled album.

His new film, "Alice Through the Looking Glass," a sequel to 2010's Alice in
Wonderland," has been critically panned and is performing below expectations
going into the holiday weekend.

___

This article has been corrected by deleting a reference to Tim Burton in the
last paragraph. He did not direct the movie "Alice Through the Looking Glass."

___

Entertainment Writer Anthony McCartney contributed to this report from Los
Angeles and writer Harold Heckle from Madrid.

___

Follow AP Entertainment Writer Sandy Cohen on Twitter and Instagram .

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 10:00 PM GMT

Cleveland authorities to tout convention preparedness

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND (AP) - City officials plan to present an overview of security
preparation for this summer's Republican National Convention in Cleveland,
seeking to counter continuing concerns about readiness to host the event
expected to bring 50,000 visitors to northeast Ohio.

A press release from Mayor Frank Jackson's office said Tuesday's session will
cover public safety, medical services, emergency management and more. The
release stated that "despite rumors" to the contrary, Cleveland police are on
track with preparedness goals and are continuing to sign agreements with outside
agencies for assistance.

The release Friday evening came after the Greensboro, North Carolina, police
department rescinded its offer to send 50 police officers to the convention,
citing worries about insurance coverage and Cleveland's preparations for the
convention that begins July 18.

A Cleveland police union official has said repeatedly that officers aren't being
properly trained for unruly protest crowds. Republican presidential candidate
Donald Trump's campaign has been targeted for protest and demonstrations.

Steve Loomis, president of the Cleveland Police Patrolmen's Association, charged
Friday that the city has been "absolutely irresponsible."

The city's release said no outside agencies have directly expressed preparedness
concerns.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 9:50 PM GMT

AP-NORC Poll: Interest, not excitement in White House race

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE and THOMAS BEAUMONT, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS; Only on AP

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: ALLENTOWN, Pa.


ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) - Mary Heintzelman shakes her head in disgust over the
presidential election.

"I don't think we have a candidate that's really suitable to be president in
either party," says Heintzelman, an administrative assistant from Whitehall,
Pennsylvania. Her son suggests she write in a candidate when she votes in
November, but the 68-year-old says despondently, "I don't even know who to write
in."

Heintzelman is hardly alone in her angst over the prospect of a November matchup
between presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and likely Democratic pick
Hillary Clinton. While 65 percent of Americans say they're interested in the
White House race, just 23 percent say they're excited as the presidential
contest shifts from the primaries to the general election, according to a poll
by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.

The malaise crosses party lines. Majorities of Republicans and Democrats say the
election has left them angry, helpless and frustrated. Only 13 percent of
Americans say they're proud of what has transpired in a campaign where
surprising candidates have thrived and Trump in particular has defied political
norms.

Election experts say the gap between Americans' high interest and low excitement
makes the race to succeed President Barack Obama highly unpredictable.

Turnout can be low when unpopular candidates are on the ballot, but the unusual
nature of a race between a billionaire businessman who has never before sought
elected office and a former first lady who would be the country's first female
president could offset voters' sour mood.

"We're in uncharted territory here with these two candidates," said Michael
McDonald, a political science professor at the University of Florida who studies
voter turnout. He said that while Americans may not be excited about their
options, "the negativity gives people something to talk about."

"If people perceive the election is interesting, they may still show up to vote
even if it's against a candidate," McDonald added.

Former Gov. Ed Rendell, D-Pa., predicted voter enthusiasm could increase as the
general election heats up, particularly when the nominees meet in debates.

"I do believe in some ways there's a reset in the general election," Rendell
said. "First of all, you have some voters that paid no attention and only vote
in general elections. Secondly, even the ones who paid attention, now all of a
sudden there's two candidates and six months."

For now, though, some people say they're resigned to an election in which
they'll be voting against a candidate instead of for one. That view was
pervasive in interviews with more than 30 voters interviewed by the AP in
Pennsylvania. Democrats have carried the state in every presidential election
since 1992, but Trump's campaign hopes strong support from working-class white
voters could swing the state back to the GOP.

"Your vote isn't who you're for, it's who you don't want in," Joann Spangenberg,
a 48-year-old loan underwriter, said as she stood outside her office in downtown
Allentown on a sunny afternoon. "It shouldn't be that way."

Spangenberg said the election is generating more interest among her family and
friends than in past years, including spurring her daughter to register to vote
right after her 18th birthday. But the frequent Republican voter says that while
she likely will go for Trump in November, her support is lukewarm at best.

"He's what we have left," she said before ducking back into her office.

Pittsburgh voter Kim Bowles feels the same way about Clinton. Bowles has been
intrigued by Bernie Sanders, but doesn't think the Vermont senator can win,
leaving her feeling stuck with Clinton as the only option for stopping Trump.

"If you don't vote, you're helping someone else, and I'm not a fan of Donald
Trump," said Bowles, 51, as she waited at a bus stop. "So, I've got to vote for
Hillary. But it's not easy."

Trump formally clinched the GOP nomination last week, cementing his
extraordinary rise to the top of the Republican Party. Clinton is still trying
to shake Sanders, but it's nearly impossible for Sanders to catch the former
secretary of state in the Democratic delegate count.

For Ron Zemlansky, a 64-year-old accountant from Catasauqua, an election between
Trump and Clinton leaves voters with two bad options.

"Trump, I don't think he's qualified," he said. "Hillary, there's too much
baggage."

Despite voting for Obama twice, Zemlansky said his questions about Clinton may
push him to Trump.

"Right now, I hate to say it, I'd probably pick Trump," he said.

The AP-NORC poll of 1,060 adults was conducted May 12-15 using a sample drawn
from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be
representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all
respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.

Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods,
and later interviewed online or by telephone.

___

Online:

AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/

___

AP News Survey Specialist Emily Swanson in Washington contributed to this
report.

___

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Thomas Beaumont at
http://twitter.com/TomBeaumont

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 8:58 PM GMT

As in 'Celebrity Apprentice,' Trump fosters rivalries

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE and JEFF HORWITZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 978 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - When Donald Trump acquired a pair of Atlantic City casinos in
the mid-1980s, he pitted his managers against each other in a ferocious
competition over everything from booking entertainers to attracting high-rolling
gamblers.

That one of those managers was his wife, Ivana Trump, didn't earn her any slack.

"His tactic there, as our success surpassed the Castle's in 1987, was to shove
the Plaza's performance in Ivana's face, like a mirror, holding it up for her to
see the reflection of a less than successful manager," John O'Donnell, Ivana
Trump's rival in the casino wars, wrote in a 1991 book.

Trump's penchant for encouraging rivalries is now roiling his presidential
campaign just as he's captured the GOP nomination, creating deep uncertainty
among Republicans about his preparedness for a complex and costly general
election campaign. The tensions boiled over last week with the abrupt ouster of
political director Rick Wiley, who left the campaign after just six weeks.

Wiley found himself caught between Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, one
of the businessman's original campaign staffers, and Paul Manafort, a veteran
Republican hand who was brought in to bolster the operation in March. While
Wiley was originally hired by Lewandowski, he aligned himself with Manafort's
vision of a more robust and expensive campaign operation - a vision Trump does
not appear to have fully bought into. He also was seen as being unwilling to
fill top jobs in battleground states with people close to Lewandowski, according
to people familiar with the decision.

Wiley did not respond to requests to discuss his tenure with the Trump campaign.
Trump aides would not make the candidate available for an interview, but they
did not dispute the notion that the real estate mogul encourages internal
competition.

"Of course there's competition because you want the best," Lewandowski said.
"That's the type of mindset you have to have in the federal government."

Sam Nunberg, a former Trump aide who was fired last year, put the dynamic more
bluntly: "He loves playing people against each other." Still, Nunberg said he
appreciated the competitive environment, crediting it with keeping staffers
creative and committed to the organization.

But for other Trump aides, the businessman's cutthroat style led to mistrust and
paranoia

"You can't trust the other guy's people," said Stuart Jolly, who resigned as
Trump's campaign field director after Manafort and Wiley were given more power.
Jolly confirmed Friday that he is joining the pro-Trump group Great America PAC
as its political director.

Some current and former Trump advisers blamed the businessman for withholding
information about staff changes from his team, sometimes leaving them to learn
about internal developments in the media. Some have taken to shopping negative
stories about their rivals to the press in a bid to undercut each other in the
eyes of the boss - even if the stories reflect poorly on Trump.

Even more concerning for Trump as he eyes a likely faceoff with Democrat Hillary
Clinton is the uncertainty the internal friction has created about the direction
of the campaign. People close to the campaign say there are major questions
about battleground state hiring, voter targeting efforts and super PAC
fundraising.

Those close to the campaign insisted on anonymity because they were not
authorized to discuss the campaign publicly.

Trump turned his fondness for competition into ratings gold with his television
show "The Apprentice," where rival teams battled against each other to impress
the boss. Those who failed were unceremoniously fired - a made-for-television
version of events that sometimes played out in Trump's real businesses.

In 1985 and 1986, Trump acquired full control of two Atlantic City casinos in
quick succession. Ivana Trump was put in charge of one, named Trump Castle,
while the other - Trump Plaza - was overseen by casino managers hired away from
gambling titan Steve Wynn.

Castle and Plaza managers were expected to compete over everything from casino
entertainers to which property bought more copies of Trump's autobiography, "The
Art of the Deal."

The most heated competition of all: which casino could draw the high-rolling
gamblers who would wager thousands of dollars per hand. By 1987, the larger and
more luxurious Plaza was successfully wooing this small but elite set, aided by
top-tier prize fights in the Atlantic City Convention Center next door.

Instead of allowing the Plaza to establish itself as the unrivaled venue for
high-rollers in Atlantic City, however, Trump underwrote Ivana's campaign to
compete for them.

"If we presented a $100,000 player with a gold Rolex watch, the Castle gave him
two," O'Donnell wrote in his book book "Trumped! The Inside Story of the Real
Donald Trump - His Cunning Rise and Spectacular Fall." In a 1997 interview,
Trump said "the stuff O'Donnell wrote about me is probably true," using an
expletive to describe his former executive as a loser.

When Plaza managers pleaded to Trump that the competition between his two
casinos was ill advised, Trump mocked them.

"What are you worried about Ivana for," he told one executive, according to
O'Donnell's book. "She's just a woman. She can't take the business."

The competition described by O'Donnell led to an ill-advised, $70 million
addition to Trump Castle, dubbed "The Crystal Tower," and continued even after
Trump sent Ivana back to New York and three of the Plaza's top executives died
in a helicopter crash.

Within weeks of the accident, Trump's Castle team launched a surprise raid on
Trump's other casino: It's top executive leased office space directly above the
Plaza's marketing department, offering the Plaza team raises of up to 30 percent
to defect.

___

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Jeff Horwitz at
http://twitter.com/JeffHorwitz

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 4:06 PM GMT

Presidential race shows deep seated strife toward

BYLINE: By JESSE J. HOLLAND, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1095 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - It started with Mexicans being publicly compared by
presidential candidate Donald Trump to criminals and rapists. It escalated to
ejections, to sucker punches, to pepper spray. And now violence and strife seems
to be a commonplace occurrence out on the campaign trail.

They are just a few instances of the tensions that have surfaced in the
contentious 2016 presidential campaign, where hostilities have revolved around
the ascendancy of Trump, first toward minorities and now by minorities
protesting his policies.

In San Diego on Friday, protesters waved Mexican flags, shouted obscenities and
clashed with police outside a Trump rally while inside, Trump made derisive
comments about Gonzalo Curiel, the federal judge who is hearing a class-action
lawsuit against one of Trump's business ventures, noting that Curiel is Mexican
American as he called the judge a "hater" who had "railroaded" him.

On Tuesday, protesters in New Mexico opposing Trump threw burning T-shirts,
plastic bottles and other items at police officers, injuring several, and
toppled trash cans and barricades. Police responded by firing pepper spray and
smoke grenades into the crowd outside the Albuquerque Convention Center.

Karla Molinar, 21, a University of New Mexico student, participated in a planned
disruption of Trump's speech and said she had no choice because Trump is
sparking hatred of Mexican immigrants. Trump, among other things, has called for
a ban on Muslims entering the United States and declared that he will build a
wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.

"Trump is causing the hate to get worse," she said.

Earlier this year, demonstrators against Trump swarmed outside the hotel near
San Francisco airport, forcing the candidate Trump to crawl under a fence to
enter the hotel where he met with local GOP power brokers. Other protesters
tangled with authorities and damaged police cars after a Trump rally in Orange
County, California.

Earlier, the violence was aimed toward minorities. For example:

- A black woman was surrounded, cursed and shoved by white onlookers at a Trump
rally in Louisville, Kentucky in March.

- Latino demonstrators Ariel Rojas was kicked and dragged by a white Trump
supporter at a rally in Miami in October.

- A black male protester, Rakeem Jones, was punched from behind by white Trump
supporter John McGraw as Jones was being ejected from a rally by police in North
Carolina. McGraw was later arrested.

- Video captured Trump supporters physically assaulting Mercutio Southall Jr.,
an African-American activist, at a rally in Birmingham, Alabama in November.
Southall said afterward he was called several expletives by the crowd and later
compared them to a "lynch mob."

While political violence is not unknown, like the 1968 violence at the
Democratic National Convention in Chicago where 119 police and 100 protesters
were injured, rarely has it been targeted so specifically at minorities, said
Matt Dallak, a professor of political management in the Graduate School of
Political Management at George Washington University.

He also laid much of the responsibility on Trump, who started his political
campaign by comparing undocumented immigrants from Mexico to criminals and
rapists. The crowds at Trump's rallies are feeding off him "demonizing
particular segments of the population, including racial minorities" he said.

"When you are whipping people up, it contributes to an atmosphere that leads to
the potential of political violence. Words matter," he said.

Trump says he does not encourage violence; the fault, he says, lies with the
demonstrators. But the political rhetoric is feeding into misplaced myths about
the contributions of minorities to this society, said Sol Trujillo, founder and
chair of the Latino Donor Collaborative.

"We're a country of breaking barriers, not erecting barriers," he said.

Ken Burns, an Academy Award-winning documentary filmmaker, said some of Trump's
comments and actions - like forgetting that he had repudiated a Ku Klux Klan
leader - "that is the wink-wink dog whistle that signals to our unreconstructed
brothers."

"We'd like to believe in our better selves but in point of fact, a lot of us
aren't that," said Burns, who explored racial tensions in his documentary,
"Jackie Robinson."

No one has died yet this campaign season. However, violence - including some
that has been fatal - has often been suffered by minorities participating in
political processes and social protesting.

For example, an estimated 150 blacks and three whites were killed after white
Louisianans attempted to take over a courthouse in Colfax, Louisiana on Easter
Sunday after losing a statewide election to reconstructionists in 1872, which
became known as the Colfax Massacre. And Rev. George Lee was gunned down in
Belzoni, Mississippi in May 7, 1954 for his attempts to get blacks to vote. In
August 1955, World War II veteran Lamar Smith was shot on the courthouse lawn in
Brookhaven, Mississippi, for urging blacks to vote.

Lee had turned down police protection because it was offered only on the
condition he stopped his voter registration efforts.

While political violence is not unknown, like the 1968 violence at the
Democratic National Convention in Chicago where 119 police and 100 protesters
were injured, rarely has it been targeted so specifically at minorities, said
Matt Dallak, a professor of political management in the Graduate School of
Political Management at George Washington University.

He also laid much of the responsibility on Trump, who started his political
campaign by comparing immigrants who enter the country illegally from Mexico to
criminals and rapists. The crowds at Trump's rallies are feeding off him
"demonizing particular segments of the population, including racial minorities"
he said.

"When you are whipping people up, it contributes to an atmosphere that leads to
the potential of political violence. Words matter," he said.

Trump says he does not encourage violence; the fault, he says, lies with the
demonstrators. But the political rhetoric is feeding into misplaced myths about
the contributions of minorities to this society, said Sol Trujillo, founder and
chair of the Latino Donor Collaborative.

"We're a country of breaking barriers, not erecting barriers," he said.

__

Associated Press writer Russell Contreras in Albuquerque, New Mexico,
contributed to this report.

___

Jesse J. Holland covers race and ethnicity for The Associated Press. Contact him
at jholland@ap.org, on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/jessejholland and on
Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/jessejholland.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 1:49 PM GMT

Schools preparing for the worst, with active shooter drills

BYLINE: By JENNIFER C. KERR, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 945 words

DATELINE: CARMEL, Ind.


CARMEL, Ind. (AP) - "Lockdown, lockdown, lockdown. This is a drill."

With those seven words, calmly announced over the intercom system, an eerie
silence overtook a bustling elementary school of 650 students in suburban
Indianapolis. Lights were turned off and blinds shut. In some classrooms, doors
were barricaded with small desks and chairs.

From start to finish, the "intruder drill" at the Forest Dale Elementary School
in Carmel took about 10 minutes - an exercise now as routine at the school as a
fire drill. What might sound terrifying to some parents has become the norm in
many schools nationwide after a rash of school shootings.

More than two-thirds of school districts surveyed by the U.S. Government
Accountability Office conduct "active shooter" exercises.

Some schools make their drills very realistic, simulating the sounds of gunshots
and using smoke and fake blood. In one case, armed police officers with weapons
drawn burst into a Florida middle school, terrifying staff and students alike.

Staff and teachers are usually given warning that drills will happen.

GAO investigators said one district noted "the difficulty of striking a balance
between providing knowledge and inciting fear, particularly at schools with
younger children."

Between 2000 and 2013, there were 25 shootings at U.S. elementary and secondary
schools, resulting in 57 deaths, according to the FBI.

These numbers include the shooting at Connecticut's Sandy Hook Elementary School
in 2012 when an intruder gunned down 20 first-graders and six educators.

Students at Forest Dale began participating in twice-a-semester intruder drills
even before Sandy Hook.

"We do fire drills, but we don't expect there to be a fire. When you get on an
airplane, they talk to you about all sorts of safety procedures, but not because
they expect the plane to crash, but because you just need to know, just in
case," said D.J. Schoeff, a school resource officer in Carmel and a regional
director with the National Association of School Resource Officers.

But Forest Dale's drills don't have the effects and props that have drawn
criticism elsewhere.

Playing the role of intruders, Forest Dale Principal Deanna Pitman and Police
Officer Greg Dewald walked the halls, jiggled the doorknobs of darkened
classrooms, checking for unlocked doors. A staff assistant in an office watching
a monitor used the intercom to broadcast the location and description of the
intruders, so staff and students could choose how to respond.

"Mrs. Pitman is wearing a green blouse today and Officer Dewald is wearing khaki
pants with his policeman's jacket," the assistant said. "Consider what you would
do if they were in the fifth-grade pod."

Fifth-graders scattered from a hallway, leaving notebooks and pencils strewn
across the carpeted floor as they fled inside a classroom. At the other end of
the school, youngsters streamed outside in lines of two with their teachers to
designated safe locations.

Students had no advance warning of the drill. Teachers were told there would be
a drill, but they didn't know what kind or when.

Inside the school, all went mostly according to plan. No children were stranded
in hallways. Doors were locked. Only the head of one little child could be seen
peeking out from under a desk. The child quickly popped back under the desk as
Pitman walked by a classroom window.

Outside school, one class went to the wrong safe spot - a "lessons learned"
moment for future drills, Pitman said.

"We had a little bit of concern from parents when we first started the drills,"
Pitman said after the students were back to class. "I think it was more of the
unknown, and not necessarily anxiety over lockdown and intruder drills. Once
they know what the teachers are saying to the kids, we don't really get a lot of
pushback."

Not all schools feel the same way about the drills, and some security experts
are cautious about them.

"Practice your lockdowns and diversify when you do those, different times of the
day, and keep your focus on the other types of threats and day-to-day security
issues without getting a tunnel vision focus on active shooters," said school
safety consultant Ken Trump.

Many schools across the country don't have enough security cameras to capture
the entire campus for potential threats, Trump added.

He said exiting the building can be risky if there truly is an intruder because
of the uncertainty about whether there could be accomplices outside waiting.
"You are leaving secure areas and evacuating into - you don't know what," said
Trump, president of National School Safety and Security Services in Cleveland.

But a school psychologist, Dr. Melissa Reeves, says schools need to be prepared
and conduct age-appropriate exercises like the Forest Dale drill. It's the more
realistic simulation drills with props that worry Reeves.

"We do not light a fire in the hallway to practice fire drills, so why do we
feel the need to bring in a fake gun, people screaming and people with makeup
that looks like blood?," said Reeves, a psychologist at a pre-K through 12
school in Charlotte, North Carolina, and the president-elect of the National
Association of School Psychologists. "There are other ways we can train staff
members and students to be prepared."

Jennifer Cassidy, who has a second-grader and fifth-grader at Forest Dale, says
her kids never come home talking about the intruder drills.

"I don't think that's because they are traumatized or freaked out. I think they
just think it's just another part of school," she said. "At first I felt like, I
don't understand why we have to do these. Then, after Sandy Hook, I was glad we
do these, and I feel completely different about them."

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 12:30 PM GMT

Atomic bomb survivors feel wonder, doubt after Obama visit

BYLINE: By FOSTER KLUG and KAORI HITOMI, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: HIROSHIMA, Japan


HIROSHIMA, Japan (AP) - The survivors of the world's first atomic bomb attack
are used to hearing grand vows to rid the world of nuclear weapons. They just
don't usually come directly from the leader of the country that dropped the bomb
on them in the first place.

On Saturday, a day after Barack Obama left, there was gratitude - wonder, even -
that he had become the first sitting U.S. president to visit the place where the
nuclear age began. But there was also clear-eyed recognition that the realities
of a dangerous, fickle world may trump Obama's call for nations, including his
own, to have the "the courage to escape the logic of fear" of nuclear weapons
stockpiling.

Hiroshima cherishes its survivors - a grove not far from the atomic bomb's
hypocenter proudly displays signs announcing that these "A-bombed Trees" still
thrive - but there's also some skepticism when faced with yet another
anti-nuclear call, even from the leader of the world's sole superpower.

"The world paid attention to what happened here, even if just for a while,
because someone as important as (Obama) came to Hiroshima. So perhaps it could
make things a little bit better," Kimie Miyamoto, 89, a bomb survivor, said in
an interview. "But you never know if it will really make a difference, because
so much depends on what other countries are thinking as well."

Asked if Obama's visit could inspire those countries to abandon nuclear weapons,
she shook her head. "I don't think so," she said, "because there are so many
(bombs) in the world."

Long after Obama left for Washington, people here were loath to let go of his
whirlwind trip.

Into the night, a line at Peace Memorial Park stretched from an arched stone
monument that honors the 140,000 who died from the Aug. 6, 1945, bombing to a
museum that tells the stories of some of those dead, about 200 meters (yards)
away. People stood patiently, inching forward and waiting for their chance to
take pictures of the wreath Obama had left behind.

People around Hiroshima were still talking about their glimpses of Obama as they
lined the streets to watch his motorcade speed by or watched the media coverage
that documented nearly every single moment of the two hours he spent in
Hiroshima in a carefully choreographed political performance meant to close old
wounds without inflaming new passions.

Beneath the thrill that lingered from Obama's star power, there was also a
widespread desire to keep momentum going.

"We should not let President Obama's Hiroshima visit be just a ceremony," the
left-leaning Mainichi newspaper said in an editorial Saturday. "He will be in
office only eight more months. We hope the president will use the remaining time
effectively to take concrete steps to leave a political legacy that will pave
the way for a world without nuclear weapons."

Some anti-nuclear activists worry that Obama's Hiroshima speech could turn out
like his 2009 speech in Prague that helped secure him a Nobel Peace Prize: After
the buzz dies down, there will be a return to business as usual.

"The world needs more than words," Derek Johnson, executive director of Global
Zero, an anti-nuclear group, said in a statement. "President Obama must take
urgent action to reduce the threat of nuclear weapons being used again."

In an interview at the retirement home she shares with other bomb victims,
Tsuyako Hiramatsu, 90, flipped through the pages of a book with a photograph of
smiling young World War II pilots holding a puppy on its cover.

She marveled at Obama's political and military power, but said she had seen too
many Japanese leaders who have said one thing in public and another in private
to believe that there will ever be a world without war.

Since Obama received the Nobel for his anti-nuclear agenda, he has seen uneven
progress and criticism over plans for a big, costly program to upgrade U.S.
nuclear stockpiles.

Another bomb survivor, Michiko Kimoto, 87, also had doubts that Obama's visit
would ever lead to a world without nuclear weapons. "You can never tell how
people's minds work," she said.

One of the two survivors who met directly with Obama, 91-year-old Sunao Tsuboi,
was more optimistic.

Tsuboi, like some other survivors, thought Obama had spent too little time in
Hiroshima to fully understand the extent of the tragedy. But Obama's presidency,
he told reporters, has pushed the world "a step or two forward" to the goal of
nuclear disarmament.

"I think he has the strong leadership abilities to make it happen," he said.

___

Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.

___

Follow Foster Klug on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apklug

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2067 words


Alibaba won and lost a friend in Washington; how it happened

SHANGHAI (AP) - In 2011, a respected anti-counterfeiting coalition in Washington
escalated its fight against the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, saying its
websites served as a 24-hour market "for counterfeiters and pirates" and should
be blacklisted.

Fast forward to 2016. The same lobbying group, the International
Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition, reversed its position. Alibaba had become "one of
our strongest partners." The group welcomed Alibaba as a member and invited its
celebrated founder, Jack Ma, to be the keynote speaker at its spring conference
in Orlando, Florida.

This is the tale of how one of China's corporate giants won - and ultimately
lost - a friend in Washington, using legal methods long deployed by corporate
America: money and influence. But those time-honored tools weren't enough to
defuse the deep loathing that has greeted one of communist China's greatest
capitalist success stories.

Alibaba is at the forefront of China's rise on the global stage. The anxiety and
suspicion that have greeted the company abroad are, to some extent, anxiety and
suspicion about China itself. A month after it became the first e-commerce
company to join the anti-counterfeiting coalition, Alibaba got kicked out.

An Associated Press analysis of public filings shows that the coalition's public
comments shifted from criticism to praise as the personal and financial ties
between Alibaba and the group deepened, even as other industry associations -
and the U.S. and Chinese governments - continued to take a harder line. A probe
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission into Alibaba's accounting
practices and sales data, disclosed this week, has raised further questions
about how the company does business.

___

Obama uses Hiroshima visit as opportunity to urge no nukes

HIROSHIMA, Japan (AP) - With an unflinching look back at a painful history,
President Barack Obama stood on the hallowed ground of Hiroshima on Friday and
declared it a fitting place to summon people everywhere to embrace the vision of
a world without nuclear weapons.

As the first American president to visit the city where the U.S. dropped the
first atomic bomb, Obama came to acknowledge - but not apologize for - an act
many Americans see as a justified end to a brutal war that Japan started with a
sneak attack at Pearl Harbor.

Some 140,000 people died after a U.S. warplane targeted wartime Hiroshima on
Aug. 6, 1945, and 70,000 more perished in Nagasaki, where a second bomb was
dropped three days later. Japan soon surrendered.

"Their souls speak to us," Obama said of the dead. "They ask us to look inward,
to take stock of who we are and who we might become."

With a lofty speech and a warm embrace for an elderly survivor, Obama renewed
the call for a nuclear-free future that he had first laid out in a 2009 speech
in Prague.

___

Death on Everest leads to risky effort to recover bodies

KATHMANDU, Nepal (AP) - The mountain is speckled with corpses.

Nearly 300 people have died on Mount Everest in the century or so since climbers
have been trying to reach its summit. At least 100 of them are still on the
mountain, perhaps 200. Most of the bodies are hidden in deep crevasses or
covered by snow and ice, but some are visible to every climber who passes by,
landmarks in heavy plastic climbing boots and colorful parkas that fade a little
more every year. The most famous corpses get nicknames - "Green Boots,"
''Sleeping Beauty," ''The German" - becoming warnings of what can go wrong on
the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) peak, even as they become part of the mountain's
gallows humor.

No mountaineer wants to end up a nicknamed body. No grieving family wants their
loved one to become a punchline. But in one of the most unforgiving places on
Earth, where low oxygen, frigid temperatures and strong winds mean any effort
can seem impossible, taking down the dead is no simple thing.

So when four people died on the upper reaches of Everest in recent days, and
with a fifth missing and presumed dead, climbing teams and climbers' families
scattered around the world had to face the question of whether the bodies would
be brought down.

"For the loved ones back home and family members of those fallen and died on
Mount Everest, it is worth it," said Ben Jones, a guide from Jackson, Wyoming,
who made his third successful Everest ascent this year.

___

Holiday air travelers get a break from long security lines

ATLANTA (AP) - Travelers who were dreading long airport security lines ahead of
the Memorial Day weekend instead reported moving quickly through checkpoints
Friday after authorities opened extra screening lanes and used bomb-sniffing
dogs to give some passengers a break from removing their shoes.

"Wow. I mean, wow," said Mike Saresky, who flew into Chicago from Philadelphia,
where he breezed through airport security in 12 minutes and got to leave his
shoes on. "I thought it was going to be a lot worse."

The extra dogs were concentrated at the nation's largest airports, but they were
not used for all screenings, meaning that many travelers still had to observe
the usual procedures.

But as the busy summer travel season kicked off, the federal Transportation
Security Administration tried to offer travelers some relief after weeks of
slow-moving lines blamed on an increase in the number of air travelers and a
shortage of TSA security officers.

A TSA spokesman said the extra dogs would remain well beyond the holiday.

___

Trump tells California 'there is no drought'

FRESNO, Calif. (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump
told California voters Friday that he can solve their water crisis, declaring,
"There is no drought."

California is, in fact, in midst of a drought. Last year capped the state's
driest four-year period in its history, with record low rainfall and snow.

Speaking at a rally in Fresno, Calif., Trump accused state officials of denying
water to Central Valley farmers so they can send it out to sea "to protect a
certain kind of three-inch fish."

"We're going to solve your water problem. You have a water problem that is so
insane. It is so ridiculous where they're taking the water and shoving it out to
sea," Trump said at a rally that drew thousands.

The comments came a day after Trump outlined an energy policy plan that relies
heavily on expanding U.S. fossil fuel exploration and reducing environmental
regulations.

___

Never mind Trump, GOP uniting under banner: 'Never Hillary'

WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump's best ally in winning over skeptical Republicans
is turning out to be Hillary Clinton.

Having overcome a multimillion-dollar "Never Trump" campaign aimed at blocking
him from the Republican nomination, he's now benefiting from a wave of GOP
donors, party leaders, voters and conservative groups that are uniting under a
new banner: "Never Hillary."

"Nothing unites Republicans better than a Clinton," says Scott Reed, a political
strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce who has advised previous GOP
campaigns. While Reed says there remain "many unknowns" about Trump, he adds
that "the knowns about Hillary are very powerful motivators to Republicans."

Thanks to Republicans' deep disdain for the likely Democratic nominee, Trump is
piling up those kinds of lukewarm GOP endorsements.

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who called Trump a dangerous "con artist" during his
own failed presidential campaign, now says he's willing to get involved in the
general election to stop Clinton.

___

Small WWII-era plane crashes in Hudson River; body found

NEW YORK (AP) - A small World War II vintage plane celebrating its 75th
anniversary crashed in the Hudson River between New York and New Jersey on
Friday, and police recovered a body from the single-seat plane, authorities
said.

The plane, a P-47 Thunderbolt, crashed on a part of the river near where a US
Airways commercial jet carrying 155 people splash-landed in 2009 in what became
known as the Miracle on the Hudson.

New York Police Department Det. Michael Debonis said that scuba divers recovered
a body from the plane around 10:30 p.m. Police haven't confirmed the body is
that of the pilot, the only person who was aboard the plane.

The Federal Aviation Administration said the P-47 Thunderbolt aircraft, which
went down near the George Washington Bridge around 7:30 p.m., was among three
planes that had departed from Republic Airport in Farmingdale, on Long Island,
just east of New York City. The other two aircraft returned to the airport and
landed safely.

The American Airpower Museum is celebrating the 75th anniversary of the P-47
Thunderbolt this weekend. Museum spokesman Gary Lewi said the plane is kept at
the museum and was taking part in an air show at nearby Jones Beach this
weekend.

___

In Iraq's battle for Fallujah, residents gird for long fight

BAGHDAD (AP) - Five days into an Iraqi military operation to push Islamic State
fighters out of Fallujah, residents still inside the city are preparing for a
long battle, with some saying they fear being trapped between two forces they
don't fully trust.

More than 50,000 people remain in the center of the Sunni majority city, which
has been under control of the extremist group for more than two years. Those who
want to leave describe deteriorating humanitarian conditions, but they also say
they are wary of the Iraqi government forces who have pledged to liberate them.

Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced the start of the offensive late Sunday
night. Backed by airstrikes from a U.S.-led coalition, Iraqi forces are
tightening their grip around Fallujah and dislodging IS militants from key
areas.

"The airstrikes are almost constant," one man told The Associated Press by phone
from inside the city Thursday. The resident, who spoke on condition of anonymity
out of concerns for his safety, said that after living for weeks on rice, canned
food and processed cheese, those stocks were beginning to run low.

While many in Fallujah welcomed the takeover of the city by the Sunni-led
Islamic State group as an alternative to what they considered their
marginalization at the hands of Iraq's leaders, humanitarian conditions in the
city have deteriorated under the extremists.

___

Feds expect more Atlantic tropical storms than last 3 years

MIAMI (AP) - U.S. government forecasters expect a near-normal Atlantic hurricane
season, after three relatively slow years. But they also say climate conditions
that influence storm development are making it difficult to predict how many
hurricanes and tropical storms will arise over the next six months.

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's outlook Friday called for
a near-normal season with 10 to 16 named storms, with four to eight hurricanes
and one to four "major" ones with winds reaching 111 mph and up.

The long-term season averages are 12 named storms, with six hurricanes and three
major ones.

The Atlantic hurricane season officially starts June 1, but tropical weather got
a head-start this year: Hurricane Alex made an unseasonable debut in January
over the far eastern Atlantic.

On Friday, the National Hurricane Center said an area of low pressure between
Bermuda and the Bahamas became a tropical depression. A tropical storm warning
was issued for the South Carolina coast.

___

Migrant shipwreck survivor says he was under hull, pal died

SICULIANA, Sicily (AP) - A Sudanese man who survived the capsizing of a heavily
overcrowded smugglers boat off Libya recounted Friday how the vessel tipped over
when fellow migrants heard the voice of approaching rescuers and rushed above
deck, leaving hundreds of people foundering in the Mediterranean.

When the boat overturned, Mohammed Ali found himself underneath the hull, but
somehow emerged and knew he survived when he "saw the sun." Because he doesn't
know how to swim, he couldn't save a friend who perished in the sea, he added.

The 28-year-old was one of 562 migrants rescued Wednesday by the navy, which
also recovered five bodies. He spoke to The Associated Press in Sicily outside a
center where he and other migrants are sheltered while their identities are
checked for their requests for asylum.

Ali said smugglers' ignored warnings the boat was overcrowded.

"The smugglers assured us it will be a very safe trip," said Ali. "The captain
talked to him, 'It's too many people, stop bringing more people," said Ali.
"'The ship won't be safe.' They didn't listen to him."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 28, 2016 Saturday 2:54 AM GMT

Trump tells California 'there is no drought'

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN and ELLEN KNICKMEYER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 688 words

DATELINE: FRESNO, Calif.


FRESNO, Calif. (AP) - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump
told California voters Friday that he can solve their water crisis, declaring,
"There is no drought."

California is, in fact, in midst of a drought. Last year capped the state's
driest four-year period in its history, with record low rainfall and snow.

Speaking at a rally in Fresno, Calif., Trump accused state officials of denying
water to Central Valley farmers so they can send it out to sea "to protect a
certain kind of three-inch fish."

"We're going to solve your water problem. You have a water problem that is so
insane. It is so ridiculous where they're taking the water and shoving it out to
sea," Trump said at a rally that drew thousands.

The comments came a day after Trump outlined an energy policy plan that relies
heavily on expanding U.S. fossil fuel exploration and reducing environmental
regulations.

He held a pair of rallies Friday in Fresno and San Diego as he closed a campaign
swing through the west, drawing vocal crowds of protesters, many carrying signs
critical of Trump's plan to wall off the U.S. border with Mexico.

About a thousand Trump foes demonstrated outside San Diego's convention center
as Trump spoke inside to an enthusiastic crowd of supporters packed in tight.
Police said they made about a dozen arrests, including one man who climbed a
railing separating protesters from officers. His arrest led protesters to spray
water and throw empty plastic bottles at police.

In another tense exchange, police shoved back demonstrators to separate them
from Trump supporters when they left the center after the rally.

Officers in riot gear declared the gathering outside the convention center
unlawful after shouting matches erupted and people began hurling trash at each
other.

Inside, the mood was far less charged, as Trump took repeated jabs at Democratic
front-runner Hillary Clinton. He also went on defense against negative media
stories and an ongoing lawsuit against his now-defunct Trump University.

"I'm getting railroaded by a legal system," Trump complained.

In Fresno, Trump said he'd spent 30 minutes before his rally meeting with more
than 50 farmers who complained to him about their struggles.

"They don't understand - nobody understands it," he said, declaring at one
point: "There is no drought. They turn the water out into the ocean."

Trump appeared to be referring to disputes over water that runs from the
Sacramento River to the San Francisco Bay and then to the ocean. Some farmers
want more of that flow captured and diverted to them.

Politically influential rural water districts and well-off corporate farmers in
and around California's Central Valley have been pushing back against
longstanding federal laws protecting endangered fish and other species, saying
federal efforts to make sure endangered native fish have enough water is
short-changing farmers of the water they want and need for crops.

Water authorities say they can't do it because of the water rights of those
upstream of the farmers, and because of the minimum-water allowances needed by
endangered species in the bay and by wildlife in general.

The three-inch Delta smelt is a native California fish on the brink of
extinction. The smelt has become an emblem in the state's battles over
environmental laws and water distribution.

The farm lobby, a heavyweight player in California's water wars, also is seeking
federal and state approval for billions of dollars in new water tunnels, dams
and other projects.

Trump promised that, if he's elected, he would put their interests first. "If I
win, believe me, we're going to start opening up the water so that you can have
your farmers survive," he said.

California is the country's No. 1 agriculture producer. The state's drought is
raising the stakes in water disputes among farmers, cities and towns, and
environmental interests.

A count by The Associated Press found Thursday that Trump has reached the
required number of delegates to officially clinch the Republican nomination.

__

Knickmeyer contributed from San Francisco. Associated Press writer Scott Smith
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 29, 2016 Sunday 10:45 PM GMT

Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder gathering

BYLINE: By JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republican Donald Trump told a motorcycle rally on Sunday that
people in the U.S. illegally often are cared for better than the nation's
military veterans, without backing up his allegation.

"Thousands of people are dying waiting in line to see a doctor. That is not
going to happen anymore," Trump told veterans gathered in front of the Lincoln
Memorial as part of the annual Rolling Thunder event, which brings thousands of
motorcyclists to Washington each Memorial Day weekend.

Trump has repeated his comparison of the treatment of immigrants and veterans
frequently during the campaign. Congress and many states have written an
assortment of laws and policies designed to restrict government services to
people living in the country illegally.

The Veterans Affairs Department, meanwhile, has come under criticism and
congressional scrutiny for a number of failures, from cutting off benefits of
thousands of veterans who were wrongly declared dead to chronically long wait
times for medical services at VA health care sites. As many as 40 patients died
while awaiting care at the Phoenix VA hospital alone.

The Rolling Thunder event is organized to draw attention to veterans' issues and
dedicated to remembering prisoners of war and service members missing in action.

"We're with you 100 percent," Trump told the crowd.

Trump, now the presumptive Republican nominee for president, angered veterans
last year when he said he liked "people who weren't captured" in wars. That had
been a dig at Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., the party's 2008 nominee, who had been
captured and held for more than five years during the Vietnam War after his
plane was shot down. Trump claimed that McCain was a "war hero because he was
captured."

Trump quickly tried to walk back the comment but has refused to apologize to
McCain.

Many veterans groups were furious, but since then Trump has worked to try to
repair the damage. He frequently honors veterans at his rallies, and he has come
out with a plan to overhaul the Department of Veterans Affairs. He also held a
fundraiser for veterans' causes in place of an Iowa debate that he skipped.

Still, Trump, who avoided the draft through a series of deferments, drew
scrutiny for not immediately distributing the $6 million he'd claimed to raise,
including $1 million he'd pledged himself. He is expected to hold a news
conference Tuesday to announce the names of the charities selected to receive
the money.

Rolling Thunder spokeswoman Nancy Regg estimated Sunday's event drew about 5,000
people - smaller than the crowds Trump typically attracts. The large plaza
between the Lincoln Memorial and the Reflecting Pool on the National Mall had
large, empty pockets with no long lines for security, despite the thousands of
bikers in town for the group's ride from the Pentagon and through the streets of
Washington.

Trump, who frequently boasts about his crowd size, however, claimed that 600,000
people were outside trying to get in.

"I thought this would be like Dr. Martin Luther King, where the people would be
lined up from here all the way to the Washington monument, right? Unfortunately,
they don't allow 'em to come in," Trump complained as he finished up his speech.

Trump's comments on McCain were also on the minds of many at the event,
including John LeBoutillier, a former New York congressman who spoke at the
event.

LeBoutillier said Trump "got a little twisted up" with his anger when he spoke
about McCain, but said the comment was "totally justified."

"There has never been a public official who's been worse on the POW issue than
John McCain," he said.

McCain, in fact, has a long record of supporting veterans' issues in Congress.
Most recently, he was instrumental in the passage of landmark legislation to
overhaul the Department of Veterans Affairs to alleviate the long delays in
getting care, and another aimed at reducing a suicide epidemic among military
veterans. He has also pushed for the VA to do more to fire poor-performing
employees.

"Sen. McCain has made veterans issues, specifically fixing the broken VA health
care system, one of his top priorities," McCain spokeswoman Rachael Dean said in
an email. "However, Sen. McCain is the first to argue there is still work to be
done - the VA system is painfully bureaucratic, slow to change and to react."

Still, LeBoutillier's sentiment was echoed by veterans, including Mike Sukeena,
who said that he'd discussed Trump's comment with his fellow veterans.

"McCain was a prisoner of war, but I don't know - I think he's deserted the
veterans, I really do," said Sukeena, 72, who served in Vietnam during his six
years in the Navy, and now lives in Manassas, Virginia. "All of them have turned
their back on the veterans."

Sukeena said at first he was dismayed by the comment but no longer holds it
against Trump and plans to vote for the candidate.

"I like the fact that he's going to make America great again and that he's going
to work for our veterans," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 29, 2016 Sunday 5:38 PM GMT

Trump's movement campaign likely to turn on the margins

BYLINE: By BILL BARROW and SERGIO BUSTOS, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 966 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla.


TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - Donald Trump calls his presidential campaign a mass movement,
but he must show he can coax enough support from voters who twice delivered the
White House to Barack Obama.

The billionaire businessman depended almost exclusively on conservative and
GOP-leaning whites - a majority of them men - to secure the Republican
nomination. Now he must look ahead to a wider, more diverse voting population in
his likely general election matchup with Democratic front-runner Hillary
Clinton.

His ability to seize on marginal shifts in the electorate may determine whether
he can pull off a victory once unthinkable. Trump's task is critical to flipping
back into the GOP column some of the most contested states that Obama won twice.

This challenge is perhaps best evident in Florida, a culturally, racially and
ideologically varied state where Obama defeated Republican Mitt Romney four
years ago by fewer than 75,000 votes out of more than 8.4 million cast.

That means small shifts anywhere in the electorate could make a difference -
from turnout changes among white small-town and rural Republicans or urban,
nonwhite Democrats to partisans, embittered by contentious nominating bouts,
choosing third-party candidates or declining to vote at all; and if Trump can't
close the gaps in Florida, he has little shot of winning key Rust Belt and Great
Lakes states where Obama's advantages were greater.

"We still elect presidents using the Electoral College ... depending on states
that are made up of diverse electorates," cautions GOP pollster Whit Ayres.
"There aren't enough angry white people to create a majority in the new America
of 2016, (and) running up your numbers with white males in Mississippi doesn't
get you one more electoral vote than Mitt Romney."

One of Trump's vanquished primary rivals, Sen. Marco Rubio, told reporters this
week Trump can win Florida, which has gone with the winner in every presidential
contest since 1996, as long as he can "continue to be Donald." That brash
outsider pitch has sewn up support from white men like Jack Oliver, a
66-year-old construction worker from West Palm Beach, Florida, and 84-year-old
Frank Papa, a retired grocery manager from Clearwater, Florida.

Oliver cites Trump's hard line on immigration and calls him a leader "who will
finally give a damn about people like me." Papa, a New Jersey native, says Trump
"speaks my language, talks and thinks like me."

But Trump must expand his reach. "If he can't unify Republicans, there really
isn't enough votes for him to make up elsewhere," said Steve Schale, who ran
Obama's 2008 campaign in Florida. He said Florida elections have been close for
decades, noting 41 million combined presidential votes have been cast since
1992, with fewer than 131,000 votes separating the combined totals of Democratic
and Republican nominees.

Trump gives lip service to the electorate's diversity, suggesting "the Mexican
people" will "vote for me like crazy" and that he can win 25 percent of
African-Americans. The highest won by any GOP nominee since 1980 is about 12
percent. He said recently he could lure "40 percent" of voters backing Clinton's
primary opponent, Bernie Sanders.

Some nonwhite Floridians mock Trump's claims about his own appeal.

"I haven't heard any of my (black) friends say they'll vote for Trump," said
Tanisha Winns, 39, a black Democrat in Lakeland, located along central Florida's
Interstate 4 corridor that twice helped give Republican George W. Bush the
statewide victory before swinging in Obama's favor. "If anything, I'm hearing my
white friends say they won't," Winns added.

For now, Florida polls suggest Trump and Clinton are running about even, with
about 15 percent undecided. But there are variables that should give Trump
pause.

In 2012, nonwhites accounted for almost a third of all votes cast in Florida,
compared to 28 percent nationwide. But population growth, driven by Hispanics,
suggests both numbers could be higher come November.

Obama beat Romney with Florida's black vote with 95 percent. The president won
Hispanics by a 60-40 margin, closer than his 71-27 advantage nationally, with
many of Florida's conservative Cuban-American voters accounting for the
difference. Those numbers still left Romney too reliant on whites. He managed 61
percent of Florida's white vote - better than his 59 percent nationally - but he
needed to get closer to 63 percent to win the Sunshine State's 29 electoral
votes.

Demographers and pollsters from both parties say Trump likely would have to push
into the mid- to high-60s with whites - a level no candidate has reached since
Ronald Reagan's 1984 landslide - to have a chance nationally. That's even more
daunting considering an AP-GfK poll, taken in April, that found two out of three
white women view Trump negatively.

Among them are Republicans the nominee absolutely must get.

In Clearwater, Republican Barbie Sugas says she's always voted for the GOP
nominee, but the 47-year-old surgical technician said she's "kind of leaning
toward Clinton" because she doesn't "trust Trump" with international affairs.

To be sure, Clinton also must shore up her Democratic base, still divided with
Sanders in the race. Jennifer Perelman, a Sanders supporter, says she won't back
the former secretary of state. But she won't vote for Trump either. Her plan: to
vote for Sanders as a write-in candidate.

Ayres, the Republican pollster, affirmed that it's "not impossible" for Trump to
fashion a winning coalition. But, he says, "You're basically arguing that
somehow, a constant 20-year-plus demographic trend is just going to magically
stop."

___

Associated Press writer Jonathan Lemire in New York contributed to this report.

___

Follow Barrow and Bustos on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and
https://twitter.com/sbustosAP.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 29, 2016 Sunday 11:30 AM GMT

Judge orders release of documents in Trump University suit

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 307 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - A federal judge is ordering the release of Trump University
internal documents in a class-action lawsuit against the now-defunct real estate
school owned by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.

The order by U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego, which came Friday
in response to a request by The Washington Post, calls for the documents to be
released by Thursday. The Post reported the order in a story on its website
Saturday.

Trump University has been cited in anti-Trump political ads during the primary
campaign as evidence that Trump doesn't fulfill his promises. Trump's lawyers
deny any wrongdoing in the case before Curiel as well as another class-action
suit in San Diego and a $40 million lawsuit filed in 2013 by the state of New
York alleging that more than 5,000 people had been defrauded.

The New York real estate mogul, for his part, has claimed that Curiel is a
"hater of Donald Trump" and should be ashamed of how he has handled the case.
Trump also has questioned whether Curiel, who is Hispanic, is biased against him
because of his call for deporting immigrants in the U.S. illegally.

The lawsuit overseen by Curiel states that Trump University's nationwide
seminars and classes were like infomercials and pressured students to buy more
but didn't deliver as promised in spite of students paying as much as $35,000
for seminars. Curiel already has set a Nov. 28 trial date.

The Post reported that Curiel's order to release an estimated 1,000 pages of
documents cites heightened public interest in Trump and that he had "placed the
integrity of these court proceedings at issue." The judge appeared to reject the
argument by Trump attorneys that the information had commercial value, saying
that there was no support for the assertion that Trump University may resume
operations.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             501 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 29, 2016 Sunday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2083 words


2 more bodies found in Texas after torrential rain, floods

HOUSTON (AP) - The bodies of two missing motorists were found Saturday in Texas,
raising the death toll to four from flooding in the state after torrential rain
inundated rivers and waterways, authorities said.

The threat of severe weather had lessened in Texas over the long Memorial Day
holiday weekend and the focus now is on homes that could be flooded by slowly
rising waters. Evacuation orders were issued on Saturday for parts of two Texas
cities along the Brazos River near Houston.

"The skies are clear and things look good. But we want to make sure people
understand that we are not out of the woods yet. We have to keep an eye on water
that's coming through our bayou system," said Francisco Sanchez, a spokesman for
the Office of Emergency Management in Harris County, where Houston is located.

Other parts of the U.S. got drenched Friday, including Kansas. And on Saturday
afternoon, Tropical Storm Bonnie formed in the Atlantic Ocean and brought rain
and wind to the coast of South Carolina.

In Kansas, the Wichita Fire Department said Saturday that it's searching for an
11-year-old boy who went missing after he was swept away by a swollen creek
Friday night. Wichita Fire Department battalion chief Scott Brown said his
department has 12 divers, three search-and-rescue dogs and an airplane searching
for any sign of the boy.

___

AP-NORC Poll: Interest, not excitement in White House race

ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) - Mary Heintzelman shakes her head in disgust over the
presidential election.

"I don't think we have a candidate that's really suitable to be president in
either party," says Heintzelman, an administrative assistant from Whitehall,
Pennsylvania. Her son suggests she write in a candidate when she votes in
November, but the 68-year-old says despondently, "I don't even know who to write
in."

Heintzelman is hardly alone in her angst over the prospect of a November matchup
between presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and likely Democratic pick
Hillary Clinton. While 65 percent of Americans say they're interested in the
White House race, just 23 percent say they're excited as the presidential
contest shifts from the primaries to the general election, according to a poll
by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.

The malaise crosses party lines. Majorities of Republicans and Democrats say the
election has left them angry, helpless and frustrated. Only 13 percent of
Americans say they're proud of what has transpired in a campaign where
surprising candidates have thrived and Trump in particular has defied political
norms.

Election experts say the gap between Americans' high interest and low excitement
makes the race to succeed President Barack Obama highly unpredictable.

___

Veterans sites in California, Kentucky, Virginia damaged

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Memorials to veterans in a Los Angeles neighborhood and a
town in Kentucky, as well as a Civil War veterans cemetery in Virginia, were
damaged as the nation prepares to mark Memorial Day, officials said.

A Vietnam War memorial in the Venice area of Los Angeles has been extensively
defaced by graffiti. The vandalism occurred sometime during the past week,
KCAL/KCBS-TV (http://cbsloc.al/1RAa3mg) reported. The homespun memorial painted
on a block-long wall on Pacific Avenue lists the names of American service
members missing in action or otherwise unaccounted for in Southeast Asia.

News of the vandalism came as another veterans-related memorial was reported
damaged in Henderson, Kentucky. Police say a Memorial Day cross display there
that honors the names of 5,000 veterans of conflicts dating back to the
Revolutionary War has been damaged by a driver who plowed through the crosses
early Saturday.

In Virginia, the Petersburg National Battlefield has apparently has been looted,
the National Park Service said. Numerous excavations were found at the Civil War
battlefield last week, Jeffrey Olson, and agency spokesman, said in a news
release Friday. Petersburg National Battlefield is a 2,700-acre park marks where
more than 1,000 Union and Confederate soldiers died fighting during the Siege of
Petersburg 151 years ago.

In Los Angeles' Venice neighborhood, the wall for missing veterans has been
tagged previously, but the latest vandalism covers the bottom half of the
memorial for much of its length.

___

Child still critical after lightning hits 11 in Paris park

PARIS (AP) - Eight children and three adults were struck by lightning Saturday
in a Paris park after a sudden spring storm sent a bolt crashing down upon a
children's birthday party, a spokesman for Paris' fire service said. He credited
an off-duty firefighter with playing a critical role in getting immediate
medical help to the victims, but one child remains in critical condition.

Another group of people at a children's soccer match in western Germany were
also hit by lightning Saturday afternoon, leaving three adults seriously
injured.

The birthday group had sought shelter under a tree at Park Monceau, a northwest
Paris park popular with well-to-do families, when a lightning bolt touched down,
according to Paris fire service spokesman Eric Moulin. He put the children's
ages at around 9.

Moulin said Cmdr. Pascal Gremillet, an off-duty firefighter, was visiting a
museum nearby when he noticed the commotion and discovered nine of the 11
victims lying unconscious. He immediately went to work.

"He saw who was the most seriously injured. He did a quick triage of the
victims. He did first aid. He alerted the rescue services," Moulin told The
Associated Press. "Without his actions, it would have been much worse."

___

Militants blow up Shell, Agip pipelines in Nigeria

WARRI, Nigeria (AP) - Militants blew up strategic gas and crude pipelines
belonging to Shell and Agip on Saturday in an increasingly fierce campaign that
has chopped Nigeria's oil production in half, militants and residents said.

A new militant group, calling itself the Niger Delta Avengers, reported in
social media that they had dynamited the trunkline linking the Dutch-British
Shell company's Bonny terminal and the Brass export terminal of the Italian
company Agip. A local community leader Eke-Spiff Erempagamo confirmed the
attack.

Nigeria's oil production had already fallen from a projected 2.2 million barrels
a day to 1.4 million barrels before the latest attacks on the oil industry in
southern Nigeria, including three within the past week on facilities of the U.S.
oil major Chevron. Several companies have evacuated some of their workers.

The Niger Delta Avengers has given the oil companies a May 31 deadline to leave
Nigeria's southern, oil-producing Niger Delta.

"Watch out something big is about to happen and it will shock the whole world,"
the Avengers warned Saturday, addressing international and indigenous oil
companies and Nigeria's military.

___

Pilots pay tribute to comrade whose WWII plane crashed

NEW YORK (AP) - Air show pilots performed an aerial salute Saturday to their
comrade who died after his World War II-era plane crashed in the Hudson River
between New York and New Jersey a day earlier.

The P-47 Thunderbolt crashed Friday night during a promotional flight for the
American Airpower Museum on Long Island, which is celebrating the 75th
anniversary of the P-47 this weekend.

The plane's pilot, William Gordon, 56, of Key West, Florida, was a veteran air
show pilot with more than 25 years of experience. New York City police scuba
divers recovered his body from the wreckage of the downed aircraft Friday night,
about three hours after the collision.

As bagpipes played in the background on Saturday, pilots flew over the museum in
an aerial salute known as a "missing man formation" in a tribute honoring
Gordon.

Scott Clyman, flight operations pilot for the American Airpower Museum, called
Gordon "an extraordinary pilot who understood the powerful message our aircraft
represent in telling the story of American courage and valor." Promotional
material for a Key West air show last month said Gordon was an "aerobatic
competency evaluator" who certified performers to perform low-level aerobatics."

___

Putin visits Russian Orthodox monastic community in Greece

KARYES, Greece (AP) - Russian President Vladimir Putin visited a Russian
Orthodox monastery Saturday as he wrapped up a two-day visit to Greece, which is
looking for more Russian investment and tourism as it copes with a prolonged
financial crisis and a massive wave of migrants.

Putin, who has sought to capitalize on the strained relations between Greece and
many other European Union members, said Russia seeks to cooperate with Greece in
the energy sector. Several Russian ministers also expressed interest in the
privatization of Greek railways and in the northern port of Thessaloniki, but no
major deals were announced. Only lower lever "cooperation agreements" were
reached during the visit.

Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras had said the Russian president's visit was a
chance to "upgrade" relations.

On Saturday, Putin visited a Russian Orthodox monastery Saturday on the northern
Greek peninsula of Mount Athos. The Russian leader praised the spiritual uplift
and moral guidance provided by the austere monastic community in a sacred place.
Putin said the Orthodox tradition shared by Russia is particularly important at
this moment in history.

"Today, as we resurrect the values of patriotism, historical memory and
traditional culture, we hope for ... a strengthening of relations" with Mount
Athos, he said.

___

Ohio zoo kills gorilla to protect small child in enclosure

CINCINNATI (AP) - A special zoo response team shot and killed a 17-year-old
gorilla Saturday that grabbed and dragged a 4-year-old boy who fell into the
gorilla exhibit moat, the Cincinnati Zoo's director said.

Authorities said the boy, who fell 10 to 12 feet, is expected to recover after
being picked up out of the moat and dragged by the gorilla for about 10 minutes.
He was taken to Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center. Zoo officials
said he was alert when he was transported there.

Director Thane Maynard said the zoo's dangerous animal response team that
practices for such incidents decided the boy was in "a life-threatening
situation" and that they needed to put down the 400-pound-plus male gorilla
named Harambe.

"They made a tough choice and they made the right choice because they saved that
little boy's life," Maynard said. "It could have been very bad."

Maynard said he hadn't talked with the boy's parents yet. Authorities initially
said the child was 3 years old, but the zoo said in a press release Saturday
night that he was 4 years old.

___

Patience pays off for Polish-born kayaker competing for US

Rather than chasing gold, silver or bronze at the last Olympics, Michal Smolen
decided he'd rather wait for the red, white and blue.

Born in Poland but living in the United States, the kayaker could've gone back
to his native country for a chance to compete under its flag in London.

Not worth it, he decided.

In a rent-a-jock world that barely blinks when athletes change citizenship to
compete for countries where they've barely stepped foot, Smolen is an exception
- someone who intentionally took the longer road to his Olympic starting line.
There's no irony lost in that Smolen, whose first name is pronounced MEE-how,
will be competing mere months before a presidential election in which a debate
has raged over what, exactly, it means to be an American and who should be able
to live inside the country's borders.

"I get a little frustrated watching the whole thing," Smolen said.

___

Real Madrid wins Champions League in penalty shootout

MILAN (AP) - Cristiano Ronaldo did it again for Real Madrid, stepping forward to
score a penalty and inflict another devastating loss in a Champions League final
on rival Atletico Madrid.

For the second time in three finals, the biggest game in club soccer ended with
Ronaldo sealing victory, then ripping off his shirt to show off his muscled
torso to adoring fans.

Ronaldo's decisive spot kick in the shootout gave Real Madrid a 5-3 victory on
penalties, following a 1-1 draw after extra time in Saturday's final.

Two years ago, the Portuguese superstar's penalty had sealed a 4-1 extra-time
win over Atletico and prompted the first of his provocative celebrations.

"I knew I was going to score the winning penalty. I was confident," said
Ronaldo, who won his third Champions League title. "I asked (coach Zinedine)
Zidane to let me take the last penalty."

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 11:23 PM GMT

Physicist Stephen Hawking baffled by Donald Trump's rise

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 189 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - Renowned theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking may have a good
grasp of the workings of the universe, but he says he can't understand Donald
Trump's popularity.

Hawking tells ITV's "Good Morning Britain" show Tuesday that he has no
explanation for the success of the presumptive Republican Party presidential
nominee.

"He is a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator,"
Hawking says in prerecorded comments to be broadcast when the show airs at 6
a.m. London time (0500 GMT, 1 a.m. EDT) Tuesday.

Hawking , who speaks through a computer system operated with his cheek, also
made a plea for British voters to choose to remain in the European Union in the
June 23 referendum.

He said it is important not only for economic and security research but also to
further scientific research.

Hawking says: "Gone are the days we could stand on our own, against the world.
We need to be part of a larger group of nations, both for our security, and our
trade."

Hawking has a form of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, known as Lou Gehrig's
disease, that has gradually paralyzed him since he was first diagnosed at age
21.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 6:18 PM GMT

Hillary Clinton marches in hometown Memorial Day parade

BYLINE: By RACHELLE BLIDNER, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: CHAPPAQUA, N.Y.


CHAPPAQUA, N.Y. (AP) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has
marched in her hometown Memorial Day parade in a New York City suburb.

Clinton waved and smiled from the procession in Chappaqua (CHAP'-uh-kwah),
accompanied by husband Bill Clinton and New York's Democratic governor, Andrew
Cuomo.

A friendly crowd cheered and many waved Clinton campaign signs. The Clintons
have marched in the parade before, and resident Kelly Aidekman says she views
them "as if they were any other neighbors."

Another resident, John Nadler, held a sign supporting Clinton's Republican
rival, Donald Trump. Nadler says he wants "to let people know that there's more
than one choice."

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 4:30 PM GMT

As in US, Trump draws strong reactions in China

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER BODEEN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: BEIJING


BEIJING (AP) - China features prominently in the rhetoric of presumed Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump, who accuses the country of stealing
American jobs and cheating at global trade. In China though, he's only just
emerging as a public figure, despite fame elsewhere for his voluble utterances,
high-profile businesses and reality TV shows.

Although the government has denounced Trump's threats of economic retaliation,
many Chinese observers see a silver lining in his focus on economic issues
instead of human rights and political freedoms. That could make him an
attractive alternative to his likely rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton.

Trump "could in fact be the best president for China," Hong Kong Phoenix
Television political commentator Wu Jun said during a recent on-air discussion.

"That's because the Republican Party is more practical and Trump is a
businessman who puts his commercial interests above everything else," Wu said.
Clinton, on the other hand, "might be the least friendly president toward
China."

It's not clear how familiar Trump actually is with China. While he's claimed to
have made "billions of dollars dealing with China," he has no known investments
in the nation. Chinese, however, are customers for Trump's hotel, golf course
and real estate ventures, while Trump-branded clothing and accessories have been
made in China.

Trump mentions the country so often that a popular YouTube compilation video
exists in which he says the word China more than 200 times in just over 3
minutes.

Still, Trump was largely unknown in China until his campaign for the Republican
nomination began gathering momentum last year.

Trump's call for a 45 percent tariff on imports that would hit China hard has
been lambasted by Finance Minister Lou Jiwei, who said enacting such a tariff
would cost the U.S. its global leadership.

Still, Chinese are used to American candidates making strong comments about
their country during elections, only to moderate their positions once in office,
said Nanjing University foreign relations expert Zhu Feng.

"The most important thing is that he or she be solid in their knowledge about
China and know how to strike the right balance," Zhu said.

Many Chinese may also be relieved that Trump is focused so relentlessly on
China's role in the U.S. economy, rather than on human rights and similar
issues.

Trump's questioning of U.S. foreign military commitments is also sweet music to
the ears of Chinese nationalists who want China to be top dog in Asia and
challenge U.S. dominance in the rest of the world. His opposition to the
Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which seeks to offset Chinese influence,
also goes down well in Beijing.

The Chinese public, meanwhile, seems unfazed by Trump's anti-immigration stance,
with its overwhelming focus on Mexico, and the candidate's vow to bar Muslims
from entering the U.S.

In contrast, many Chinese have qualms about Clinton, who as a former secretary
of state under Barack Obama is closely associated with Washington's "pivot" to
Asia that has been heavily criticized by Beijing.

Overall, Chinese public sentiment toward Trump appears mixed. Comparing him to a
figure from folklore known for sowing chaos, the official Global Times newspaper
proclaimed him a symptom of an "American disease."

"I don't think many people knew him as a businessman before the campaign," said
Shanghai IT engineer Kong Kong, who was unimpressed with Trump's vaunted
political outsider status.

"Politics is not entertainment and simply being fresh may not be a good thing,"
Kong said. "A lack of political experience and an excess of personality may lead
to an imbalance among interest groups and an abuse of authority, which are not
good things for America."

Zhong Heng, a Shanghai paralegal, said she regards much of what Trump says as
bluster. "He's like an artificial performance-enhancing drug being fed to the
American people," Zhong said.

Trump, though, does seem to have won some Chinese supporters, particularly
online. There, chat groups such as "Donald Trump Super Fans Club" and "God
Emperor Trump" have popped up in recent months. One posting in a Weibo messaging
service chat group was unrestrained in its enthusiasm.

"The more I know about Donald Trump," it said, "the more I feel that he's not
only saving the U.S., but also the entire world."

___

Associated Press researchers Dong Tongjian in Beijing and Fu Ting in Shanghai
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 4:12 PM GMT

AP-NORC Poll: Voters feel disconnected, helpless in 2016

BYLINE: By STEVE PEOPLES and EMILY SWANSON, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS; E768F0F3A4B94183B764096023E682EF

LENGTH: 775 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Republicans and Democrats feel a massive disconnect with their
political parties and helpless about the presidential election.

That's according to a new poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public
Affairs Research, which helps explain the rise of outsider candidates Donald
Trump and Bernie Sanders and suggests challenges ahead for fractured parties
that must come together to win this fall.

"It feels like the state of politics is generally broken," said Joe Denother, a
37-year-old Oregon voter who typically favors Republicans.

The divisive primary season has fueled an overall sense of pessimism about the
political process that underscores a widening chasm between political parties
and the voters they claim to represent. Just 12 percent of Republicans think the
GOP is very responsive to ordinary voters, while 25 percent of Democrats say the
same of their party.

Among all Americans, the AP-NORC poll found that just 8 percent consider the
Republican Party to be very or extremely responsive to what ordinary voters
think. An additional 29 percent consider the GOP moderately responsive and 62
percent say it's only slightly or not at all responsive.

The Democratic Party fares only slightly better, with 14 percent saying the
party is very or extremely responsive, 38 percent calling it moderately
responsive, and 46 percent saying it's only slightly or not at all responsive.

Denother, who works in health insurance, says he feels the disconnect with the
party he usually supports.

"The Republicans have gotten away from their core message of fiscal
responsibility," said Denother, who voted for Mitt Romney in 2012 and is
undecided this year. "I feel there's an identity crisis. And with a lack of
identity, it's hard to have confidence in the party."

The survey exposes an extraordinary crisis of confidence in most major political
institutions just as both parties intensify efforts to connect with voters
heading into the general election.

In general, only 15 percent of Americans report a great deal of confidence in
the Democratic Party compared with just 8 percent who say the same of the GOP.
That's as only 4 percent say they have a great deal of confidence in Congress,
15 percent in the executive branch and 24 percent in the Supreme Court.

The findings come as Trump assumes the mantle of GOP leader, having won the
number of delegates necessary to clinch the Republican presidential nomination.
Trump got there with an aggressive anti-establishment message, railing against
his party leaders for months.

Now the New York billionaire appears to be changing course. He recently entered
into a high-dollar fundraising agreement with the Republican National Committee
and plans to rely heavily on the RNC's staffing and data programs to connect
with voters.

On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton remains locked in a divisive primary
battle with Sanders, a self-identified democratic socialist who has inspired a
large and loyal following. The Vermont senator has echoed Trump's charges of an
unfair political system that's stacked against him and ordinary Americans, a
criticism that resonates with many voters.

"It seems that everything was made straight for Hillary Clinton," said Ron
Cserbak, a 63-year-old retired teacher who lives in Cincinnati and usually votes
for Democrats.

The new poll finds that 6 in 10 Americans think the Republican Party is only
slightly or not at all open to new ideas or candidates outside the political
establishment, and about half say the same of the Democratic Party. About 3 in
10 think each party is only moderately open either to new ideas or outsider
candidates.

The survey also found evidence of overwhelming interest in the presidential
contest, although less than a quarter of Americans say they're excited about it.

Worse, 55 percent of Americans, including 60 percent of Republicans and 53
percent of Democrats, say they feel helpless about the 2016 election. And
two-thirds of Americans under 30 report feeling helpless.

"I am despondent," said Cserbak. "I wouldn't say I feel totally helpless. I do
have a vote."

In contrast, only 13 percent of respondents said they felt proud about the
election; 37 percent said they were hopeful.

The AP-NORC poll of 1,060 adults was conducted May 12-15 using a sample drawn
from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be
representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all
respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.

Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods,
and later interviewed online or by phone.

___

Online:

AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 4:01 PM GMT

As in US, Trump draws strong reactions in China

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER BODEEN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1104 words

DATELINE: BEIJING


BEIJING (AP) - China features prominently in the rhetoric of presumed Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump, who accuses the country of stealing
American jobs and cheating at global trade. In China itself, though, he's only
now emerging as a public figure, despite fame elsewhere for his voluble
utterances, high-profile businesses and reality TV show.

And although Chinese officials and state media have denounced Trump's threats of
economic retaliation, many Chinese observers see a silver lining in his focus on
economic issues to the near-total exclusion of human rights and political
freedoms. That appears to make him an attractive alternative to his likely
rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, who is regarded as far more critical of China's
communist system.

Trump "could in fact be the best president for China," Hong Kong Phoenix
Television political commentator Wu Jun said during a recent on-air discussion.

"That's because the Republican Party is more practical and Trump is a
businessman who puts his commercial interests above everything else," Wu said.
Clinton, on the other hand, "might be the least friendly president toward
China."

Despite his frequent evocations of China, it's not clear how familiar Trump
actually is with the country. While he's claimed to have made "billions of
dollars dealing with China," he has no known investments in the nation, and it
isn't clear what influential figures he knows in the Chinese political and
business realms. Chinese are, however, customers for Trump's hotel, golf course
and real estate ventures, while Trump-branded clothing and accessories have been
made in China.

Trump mentions the country so often that a popular YouTube compilation video
exists in which he says the word China more than 200 times in just over 3
minutes. His various statements on China range from the blunt ("We can't
continue to allow China to rape our country") to the anodyne ("I like China very
much").

Still, Trump was largely unknown in China until his campaign for the Republican
nomination began gathering momentum last year.

Though China's government rarely comments on American political campaigns,
Trump's advocacy of a 45 percent tariff on imports that would hit China hard has
been lambasted by Finance Minister Lou Jiwei, who called Trump "one of those
irrational types" and said enacting such a tariff would cost the U.S. its global
leadership.

"Don't even think of being the big boss anymore," Lou said in April.

Trump's comments might've sparked a stronger response if Chinese hadn't already
grown accustomed to American candidates making strong statements about their
country during elections, only to moderate their positions once in office, said
Nanjing University foreign relations expert Zhu Feng.

"The most important thing is that he or she be solid in their knowledge about
China and know how to strike the right balance," Zhu said.

Many Chinese may also be relieved that Trump is focused so relentlessly on
China's role in the U.S. economy, rather on the country's authoritarian
political system, human rights record or policies toward Tibet and the
northwestern region of Xinjiang.

Trump's questioning of U.S. foreign military commitments is also sweet music to
the ears of Chinese nationalists who want China to dominate in Asia and
challenge U.S. dominance in the rest of the world. His opposition to the
Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which excludes China and seeks to offset
Chinese influence, also goes down well in Beijing, though he has also criticized
China's construction of man-made islands in the South China Sea.

The Chinese public, meanwhile, seems unfazed by Trump's anti-immigration stance,
with its overwhelming focus on Mexico, and the candidate's vow to bar Muslims
from entering the U.S. That could reflect anti-Islamic sentiments that have
grown in China following a series of deadly attacks by radicals from the Muslim
Uighur minority, even while the government promotes ties with the Islamic world.

In contrast, many Chinese have qualms about Clinton that date from a speech she
gave at a U.N. conference in Beijing in 1995 that focused heavily on human
rights, to the displeasure of the hosts.

As a former secretary of state under Barack Obama, Clinton is also closely
associated with Washington's "pivot" to Asia that includes an increase in the
U.S. military presence in the region. Beijing has been strongly critical of the
policy shift, which was largely seen as prompted by China's robust assertions of
its South China Sea maritime claims.

Interest in Trump here is rising. Why? Because Chinese have long regarded
American elections as a particularly dramatic type of spectator sport. The
process of working for a candidate and taking part in rallies and political
campaigns doesn't exist within China's staid, authoritarian political system.

U.S. politics is also a topic on which the tightly leashed state media is
relatively free to report, so discussion of Trump, Clinton and Democratic
candidate Bernie Sanders rages on social media platforms and podcasts. Many have
also noted that Trump's personality-driven, publicity-fed style is also a
familiar archetype for Chinese known for their love of high-profile business
moguls such as Alibaba's Jack Ma.

Although no polls have been taken, Chinese public sentiment toward Trump appears
mixed. Comparing him to a figure from folklore known for sowing chaos, the
official Global Times newspaper proclaimed him a symptom of an "American
disease."

"I don't think many people knew him as a businessman before the campaign," said
Shanghai IT engineer Kong Kong, who is unimpressed with Trump's vaunted
political outsider status.

"Politics is not entertainment and simply being fresh may not be a good thing,"
Kong said. "A lack of political experience and an excess of personality may lead
to an imbalance among interest groups and an abuse of authority, which are not
good things for America."

Zhong Heng, a Shanghai paralegal, says she regards much of what Trump says as
bluster. "He's like an artificial performance-enhancing drug being fed to the
American people," Zhong said.

Trump, though, does seem to have won some Chinese supporters, particularly
online. There, chat groups such as "Donald Trump Super Fans Club" and "God
Emperor Trump" have popped up in recent months. One posting in a Weibo messaging
service chat group was unrestrained in its enthusiasm.

"The more I know about Donald Trump," it said, "the more I feel that he's not
only saving the U.S., but also the entire world."

___

Associated Press researchers Dong Tongjian in Beijing and Fu Ting in Shanghai
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 3:24 PM GMT

On cutting-edge voter data, Trump critically behind Clinton

BYLINE: By THOMAS BEAUMONT, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Donald Trump trails Hillary Clinton by months, even years,
in using fast-evolving digital campaigning to win over voters, data specialists
working with the GOP say.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee has dismissed the science that
defines 21st century political campaigns, a tool that President Barack Obama
used effectively in winning two terms and the Clinton campaign has worked on for
nearly a year.

And while it is too early to tell whether the late start signals trouble for
Trump, it illustrates the difference between Trump's proudly outsider campaign
and the institutional knowledge within Clinton's.

"She's been able to prepare a general election campaign since the beginning,"
said Alex Lundry, former senior technology adviser to Mitt Romney's 2012
Republican presidential campaign. "That head start in terms of time is
extraordinarily valuable."

Precision digital-marketing data, a person's online footprints, have become an
electoral science that Democrats have dominated, and Republicans have chased,
for a decade. Campaigns used the data at first simply to track supporters. The
information now guides a range of decisions, like the types and volume of
advertising, where to deploy campaign staff to mobilize voters and where a
candidate should visit.

Trump's team has been unclear about its use of data in the general election.

Trump told The Associated Press this month the tool was "overrated" and he
planned "limited" data use during the general election, though his campaign has
worked with firms and a small in-house staff to track voters during the
primaries.

Later, senior adviser Rick Wiley, who was hired in April, suggested Trump would
run a "state of the art" campaign and use data strategically, relying on Trump's
own list of supporters, the Republican National Committee's voter list and a
data service financed largely by the RNC called Data Trust.

"All of the data points - whatever they are - our ability to harvest that data
is invaluable," said Wiley, the RNC's former executive director. He has since
left the campaign, after what a source close to the matter said were
disagreements with Trump loyalists about who should lead campaign efforts in key
states. The person spoke on condition of anonymity, lacking authorization to
discuss internal campaign matters publicly.

Given how Republicans have long trailed Democrats in digital campaigning,
Trump's grudging talk and Wiley's departure hardly signal a rush to catch up.

Trump spent more than $1 million in April on campaign paraphernalia like caps,
T-shirts and signs. Even as he was effectively seizing the nomination, he spent
less than a third of that amount on data and related functions such as
telemarketing.

Obama's 2008 presidential campaign revolutionized the way technology could be
used to identify and keep track of supporters who attended his campaign events
and gave money to his candidacy.

In 2012, Obama's re-election campaign profiled potential voters by monitoring
what online, mobile, reading and shopping choices they made. The data helped
them project election outcomes based on advertising decisions in specific
markets aimed at select voter types.

Obama's 2012 re-election was viewed as a breakthrough in the political
application of what had been a commercial tool, while Romney's own data effort
started late, was more limited in scope and ultimately crashed.

Clinton's campaign has been collecting data since she announced her candidacy 11
months ago. Elan Kriegel, an analytics director for Obama in 2012, now heads
Clinton's analytics team. And, Jeremy Bird, credited with using the data in 2012
for decision-making that preceded the president's re-election, is advising the
Clinton campaign.

Kriegel said the nearly yearlong preparation has allowed his team to build
intricate voter turnout models aimed at predicting voter behavior, especially in
potential swing states.

"If you weren't doing it several months ago, then you really are starting from
scratch," Kriegel said.

Trump's challenge may be even more difficult, said Andy Burkett, the Republican
National Committee's former chief technology officer.

As the party's nominee, Trump will have full use of the committee's data
program, in which it has invested heavily in recent years. Still, capitalizing
on that resource will require Trump's campaign to view data as central to its
bid - and to put its own money behind it to tailor the data to preferences
related to would-be Trump voters.

The Republican National Committee has recently added data scientists to its
staff to assist with the general election. Also, an RNC data specialist first
began working directly with the Trump campaign this month. But it takes time to
turn raw data into meaningful models, Barkett said.

"It would take them six months to build and integrate the systems," said
Barkett, who advised Jeb Bush's GOP primary campaign.

The election is in five months.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2135 words


At least 6 dead, 2 missing after floods in Texas, Kansas

HOUSTON (AP) - Authorities in central Texas found two more bodies along flooded
streams Sunday, bringing the death toll from flooding in the state to six.

It's unclear whether a body found in Travis County near Austin is one of the two
people still missing in Texas. An 11-year-old boy is still missing in central
Kansas, too.

The latest flooding victim identified by authorities was a woman who died when
the car she was riding in was swept from the street by the flooded Cypress Creek
about 1:30 a.m. Sunday, Kendall County sheriff's Cpl. Reid Daly said.

The car, with three occupants, was in Comfort, about 45 miles north of San
Antonio. The driver made it to shore, and a female passenger was rescued from a
tree. But Daly said 23-year-old Florida Molima was missing until her body was
found around 11 a.m. Sunday about 8 miles downstream. She becomes the sixth
flood-related death in Texas this Memorial Day weekend.

In Bandera, about 45 miles northwest of San Antonio, an estimated 10 inches of
rain overnight led to the rescues of nine people. The rain caused widespread
damage, including the collapse of the roof of the Bandera Bulletin, the weekly
newspaper, KSAT-TV in San Antonio reported. Photos from the area showed campers
and trailers stacked against each other, but no injuries were reported.

___

Trump's movement campaign likely to turn on the margins

TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - Donald Trump calls his presidential campaign a mass movement,
but he must show he can coax enough support from voters who twice delivered the
White House to Barack Obama.

The billionaire businessman depended almost exclusively on conservative and
GOP-leaning whites - a majority of them men - to secure the Republican
nomination. Now he must look ahead to a wider, more diverse voting population in
his likely general election matchup with Democratic front-runner Hillary
Clinton.

His ability to seize on marginal shifts in the electorate may determine whether
he can pull off a victory once unthinkable. Trump's task is critical to flipping
back into the GOP column some of the most contested states that Obama won twice.

This challenge is perhaps best evident in Florida, a culturally, racially and
ideologically varied state where Obama defeated Republican Mitt Romney four
years ago by fewer than 75,000 votes out of more than 8.4 million cast.

That means small shifts anywhere in the electorate could make a difference -
from turnout changes among white small-town and rural Republicans or urban,
nonwhite Democrats to partisans, embittered by contentious nominating bouts,
choosing third-party candidates or declining to vote at all; and if Trump can't
close the gaps in Florida, he has little shot of winning key Rust Belt and Great
Lakes states where Obama's advantages were greater.

___

More than 700 feared dead in recent Mediterranean crossings

POZZALLO, Sicily (AP) - Survivor accounts have pushed to more than 700 the
number of migrants feared dead in Mediterranean Sea shipwrecks over three days
in the past week, even as rescue ships saved thousands of others in daring
operations.

The shipwrecks appear to account for the largest loss of life reported in the
Mediterranean since April 2015, when a single ship sank with an estimated 800
people trapped inside. Humanitarian organizations say that many migrant boats
sink without a trace, with the dead never found, and their fates only recounted
by family members who report their failure to arrive in Europe.

"It really looks like that in the last period the situation is really worsening
in the last week, if the news is confirmed," said Giovanna Di Benedetto, a Save
the Children spokeswoman in Italy.

Warmer waters and calmer weather of late have only increased the migrants'
attempts to reach Europe.

The largest number of missing and presumed dead was aboard a wooden fishing boat
being towed by another smugglers' boat from the Libyan port of Sabratha that
sank Thursday. Estimates by police and humanitarian organizations, based on
survivor accounts, range from around 400 to about 550 missing in that sinking
alone.

___

Storm safe rooms as a wedding gift? Sure, in Tornado Alley

ST. LOUIS (AP) - Never mind toasters, blenders and slow cookers. Joplin,
Missouri, tornado survivors Kayla and Ricky Smith had a more practical request
for a wedding gift - shelter from the next big storm.

The Smiths were on the leading edge of an odd trend in Tornado Alley: Engaged
couples using bridal registries or word of mouth to request donations so they
can purchase safe rooms, which are strong, pre-fabricated shelters typically
installed in houses or garages.

Several tornadoes have ravaged the Midwest and South in recent years. A month
before the May 22, 2011, tornado in Joplin, which killed 161 people and
destroyed 7,000 homes, hundreds died in a series of deadly tornadoes in the
South. And a tornado in Moore, Oklahoma, in 2013 killed 24.

The devastation raised awareness about the need for safety in homes that don't
have basements. Safe room sales skyrocketed, aided in part by the availability
of Federal Emergency Management Agency grant and rebate programs that help pay
for them in some states.

The pre-fabricated rooms feature thick steel walls and doors that can withstand
winds up to 250 mph. They are windowless with no light fixtures or electricity.
Most are small and built in a garage or closet. Safe rooms typically cost $3,000
to $7,000, depending on the size. A few are buried in the yard like shelters of
years past.

___

German, French leaders mark 100 years since Battle of Verdun

VERDUN, France (AP) - In solemn ceremonies Sunday in the forests of eastern
France, French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel
marked 100 years since the Battle of Verdun, determined to show that, despite
the bloodbath of World War I, their countries' improbable friendship is now a
source of hope for today's fractured Europe.

The 10-month battle at Verdun - the longest in World War I - killed 163,000
French and 143,000 German soldiers and wounded hundreds of thousands of others.

Between February and December 1916, an estimated 60 million shells were fired in
the battle. One out of four didn't explode. The front line villages destroyed in
the fighting were never rebuilt. The battlefield zone still holds millions of
unexploded shells, making the area so dangerous that housing and farming are
still forbidden.

With no survivors left to remember, Sunday's commemorations were focused on
educating youth about the horrors and consequences of the war.

The main ceremony took place at a mass grave where, in 1984, then-French
President Francois Mitterrand took then-German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's hand in
a breakthrough moment of friendship and trust by longtime enemy nations.

___

Students seeking sugar daddies for tuition, rent

Candice Kashani graduated from law school debt-free this spring, thanks to a
modern twist on an age-old arrangement.

During her first year, she faced tuition and expenses that ran nearly $50,000,
even after a scholarship. So she decided to check out a dating website that
connected women looking for financial help with men willing to provide it, in
exchange for companionship and sex - a "sugar daddy" relationship as they are
known.

Now, almost three years and several sugar daddies later, Kashani is set to
graduate from Villanova University free and clear, while some of her peers are
burdened with six-digit debts.

As the cost of tuition and rent rises, so does the apparent popularity of such
sites among students. But are they really providing financial relief, or signing
women up for something more exploitative and dangerous than debt?

Kashani believes such sites are a "great resource" for young women, but others
say these arrangements smack of prostitution and take advantage of women in a
vulnerable situation.

___

A veteran's race against time to return WWI Purple Hearts

ST. ALBANS, Vt. (AP) - A group that seeks to reunite lost Purple Hearts with
service members or their descendants is embarking on an ambitious project: to
return 100 such medals or certificates earned in World War I before the 100th
anniversary next April of the United States' entry into the conflict.

Zachariah Fike, of the Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited, began the project
after noticing he had in his collection of memorabilia a total of exactly 100
Purple Hearts or equivalent lithographs awarded for injuries or deaths from the
Great War.

"You're honoring fallen heroes," said Fike, a Vermont National Guard captain
wounded in Afghanistan in 2010. "These are our forefathers; these are the guys
that have shed their blood or sacrificed their lives for us. Any opportunity to
bring light to that is always a good thing."

The lithographs, known as a Lady Columbia Wound Certificate and showing a
toga-wearing woman knighting an infantry soldier on bended knee, were what World
War I military members wounded or killed while serving were awarded before the
Purple Heart came into being in 1932. World War I service members who already
had a lithograph became eligible for a Purple Heart at that time.

The Purple Hearts and the certificates include the name of the service member to
whom they were awarded. Fike is working with researchers to try to find the
descendants of the service members.

___

'Mommy loves you!': Boy rescued after gorilla is shot at zoo

CINCINNATI (AP) - Panicked zoo visitors watched helplessly and shouted, "Stay
calm!" while one woman yelled, "Mommy loves you!" as a 400-pound-plus gorilla
loomed over a 4-year-old boy who had fallen into a shallow moat at the
Cincinnati Zoo.

The boy sat still in the water, looking up at the gorilla as the animal touched
the child's hand and back. At one point, it looked as though the gorilla helped
the youngster stand up.

Two witnesses said they thought the gorilla was trying to protect the boy at
first before getting spooked by the screams of onlookers. The animal then picked
the child up out of the moat and dragged him to another spot inside the exhibit,
zoo officials said.

Fearing for the boy's life, the zoo's dangerous-animal response team shot and
killed the 17-year-old ape, named Harambe.

The child, whose name was not released, was released from Cincinnati Children's
Hospital Medical Center on Saturday night, hours after the fall.

___

Hardly a dog's life for Obama's pets Bo and Sunny

WASHINGTON (AP) - It's hardly a dog's life of just eating and sleeping for
President Barack Obama's pets, Bo and Sunny.

The pair of Portuguese water dogs - Bo with his distinctive white chest and
front paws, and the all-black Sunny - are canine ambassadors for the White
House, very popular and so in demand that they have schedules, like the
president.

"Everybody wants to see them and take pictures," Michelle Obama said. "I get a
memo at the beginning of the month with a request for their schedules, and I
have to approve their appearances."

The dogs have entertained crowds at the annual Easter Egg Roll and Bo has been
at Mrs. Obama's side when she welcomes tourists on the anniversary of the
president's inauguration. The dogs also have cheered wounded service members, as
well as the hospitalized children the first lady visits each year just before
Christmas. In a sign of just how recognized Bo and Sunny are, authorities in
January arrested a North Dakota man who they say came to Washington to kidnap
one of the pets.

Bo, now 7, joined the Obama family in April 2009. He was a gift from the late
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., a key supporter of Obama's 2008 presidential
campaign who became close to the family. Bo helped Obama keep a promise to
daughters Malia and Sasha that they could get a dog after the election.

___

Alexander Rossi pulls off stunning upset in 100th Indy 500

INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - A new era for the Indianapolis 500 arrived in the form of a
most unfamiliar driver.

An American, no less.

Alexander Rossi outlasted his faster rivals - and his fuel tank - for a stunning
victory Sunday in the historic 100th running of "The Greatest Spectacle In
Racing." The unlikely win allowed the long-suffering Andretti family to
celebrate in the biggest race of their storied careers and it left the top
drivers in the field fuming over Rossi's good fortune.

Rossi was a 66-to-1 long shot and certainly not the driver anyone would have
picked to win. But the 24-year-old Californian used fuel strategy to outsmart a
handful of drivers who had the most dominant cars in the race.

Rossi stretched his final tank of gas 90 miles to cycle into the lead as others
had to duck into the pits for a splash of fuel in the waning laps. He was
sputtering on the final lap, working his clutch and getting screamed at by team
co-owner Bryan Herta to conserve fuel, and he ultimately ran out of gas after
taking the checkered flag.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 30, 2016 Monday 12:30 AM GMT

Libertarians pick ex-New Mexico Gov. Johnson for president

BYLINE: By TERRY SPENCER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.


FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - The Libertarian Party again nominated former New
Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson as its presidential candidate Sunday, believing he can
challenge presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic
front-runner Hillary Clinton because of their poor showing in popularity polls.

Johnson, 63, won the nomination on the second ballot at the party's convention
in Orlando, Florida, defeating Austin Petersen, the founder of The Libertarian
Republic magazine; and anti-computer virus company founder John McAfee. The
delegates selected former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld to be his vice
presidential running mate.

Johnson, the party's nominee in 2012, told the delegates during his acceptance
speech that his job will be to get the Libertarian platform before the voters at
a level the party has not seen.

"I am fiscally conservative in spades and I am socially liberal in spades,"
Johnson told The Associated Press. "I would cut back on military interventions
that have the unintended consequence of making us less safe in the world."

On fiscal matters, Libertarians push for reduced spending and taxes, saying the
federal government has gotten too big across the board. Johnson proposes
eliminating federal income and corporate taxes and replacing those with a
national sales tax.

He would reduce domestic spending by eliminating the Internal Revenue Service,
the Commerce and Education departments, the Food and Drug Administration and the
Drug Enforcement Administration.

On social issues, Libertarians generally support abortion rights, gun rights,
same-sex marriage and drug legalization, saying people should be allowed to do
anything that doesn't hurt others.

Johnson served as New Mexico's governor from 1995 to 2003 as a Republican after
a career as the owner of one of that state's largest construction companies.

After failing to gain traction in the GOP's 2012 primaries, he changed his
registration to Libertarian shortly before running for that party's nomination
that year. He won the nomination and got just short of 1 percent of the general
election vote against President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt
Romney.

For Johnson to make a serious run this year, he needs to qualify for the
presidential debates. To do that, he must average 15 percent in five recognized
polls.

He hopes that is doable because Trump and Clinton are both seen unfavorably by a
majority of voters, according to recent polls.

Johnson will also need to overcome a huge financial disadvantage and history.

In 2012, Obama and Romney spent over a billion dollars each, a figure Trump and
Clinton, if she is the Democratic nominee, are expected to also reach. Johnson
spent $2.5 million in 2012, about one dollar for every 400 Obama and Romney each
spent. Johnson hopes to raise "tens of millions of dollars" this time.

"Then we can leverage that to a level where we could wage political war" by
hiring staff and running TV and radio commercials, Johnson said. He said Weld
will help in this effort, having raised about $250 million during his political
career compared to Johnson's $8 million. Weld, 70, was Massachusetts governor
from 1991 to 1997, also as a Republican.

The Libertarian Party has been running presidential tickets since 1972, but has
never been a major factor. The party's best showing was 1980, when candidate Ed
Clark got slightly more than 1 percent of the vote. The only electoral vote the
party has received was in 1972, when a renegade Virginia elector pledged to
President Richard Nixon cast his ballot for Libertarian John Hospers instead.

Third parties have never won a U.S. presidential election. Former Republican
President Teddy Roosevelt, running on the Bull Moose Party ticket, got 27
percent of the popular vote and 88 electoral votes in 1912. He finished second
to Democrat Woodrow Wilson, the only time a third party candidate has finished
that well.

Other notable third-party runs include former Alabama Gov. George Wallace, who
got 13 percent of the popular vote in 1968, winning 45 electoral votes; and
billionaire businessman Ross Perot, who got 19 percent of the popular vote in
1992 but no electoral votes.

___

Follow Terry Spencer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/terryspen . His work can
be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/author/terry-spencer

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 31, 2016 Tuesday 10:16 PM GMT

The Latest: Police zoo review to look only at boy's family

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 846 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI


CINCINNATI (AP) - The Latest on the killing of a gorilla after a child fell into
its enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo (all times local):

6:15 p.m.

Police investigating after a 3-year-old boy got into a Cincinnati Zoo gorilla
exhibit and was dragged around by a massive gorilla that had to be shot to death
to protect him say they'll look only at actions by the boy's family and not at
the shooting.

Police said late Tuesday their investigation is unrelated to the operation or
safety of the zoo.

A newly released Cincinnati police report says the boy fell 15 feet into water
in the exhibit and then played in it. It says the gorilla climbed down to the
boy, picked him up in an apparent effort to protect him and carried him up into
the enclosure.

Police say the boy was alert and talking when rescued and had only minor scrapes
on his head and knee.

The boy's parents have said he's doing fine.

___

1:30 p.m.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump says the Cincinnati Zoo
had little choice but to kill a 17-year-old gorilla after a boy got into its
exhibit.

Trump was asked about the gorilla during a news conference Tuesday in New York.
He referred to videos showing the animal at times appearing protective of the
child, who got away from his mother Saturday and entered the gorilla's
enclosure.

Trump says watching the gorilla with the boy was "almost like a mother holding a
baby." But Trump noted that video also showed the gorilla dragging the boy
through a shallow moat.

Trump acknowledged that it was "a very tough call" but says the zoo had little
choice because the child's life was at stake.

The boy's family says he's doing fine.

___

11:35 a.m.

A prosecutor's office says police are investigating the circumstances
surrounding a 3-year-old boy entering a gorilla's exhibit at the Cincinnati Zoo
and the animal being shot to death to protect the child.

The Hamilton County prosecutor's office said Tuesday that police will confer
with prosecutors after their investigation is complete. The endangered gorilla
was killed Saturday after the boy got into its enclosure. The boy's family has
said he is doing fine at home.

Cincinnati police said over the weekend that no charges were planned. However,
spokeswoman Tiffaney Hardey says police are reviewing the matter and continuing
to gather information.

Some people have contended there should be child endangering charges against the
parents while others want the zoo held responsible.

___

This story has been corrected to show the boy is 3, not 4.

___

10:40 a.m.

A federal inspector warned the Cincinnati Zoo that the public could have been
"at great risk" if two polar bears that escaped a behind-the-scenes holding area
in March had gained outside access.

Federal reports viewed by The Associated Press also show the zoo's Gorilla World
exhibit was inspected in April, and no violations were found.

On Saturday, the zoo fatally shot an endangered western lowland gorilla to
protect a 3-year-old boy who entered its exhibit. An animal protection watchdog
group is calling for fines against the zoo.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
says it will "be looking into this incident."

On March 16, some zoo visitors were moved for safety after two polar bears
wandered through an open den door into a service hallway.

___

This story has been corrected to show the boy is 3, not 4.

___

9 a.m.

An animal protection watchdog group wants the federal government to hold the
Cincinnati Zoo responsible for the death of an endangered western lowland
gorilla.

The Cincinnati-based Stop Animal Exploitation NOW says the U.S. Department of
Agriculture that inspects zoo facilities should fine the zoo for having an
exhibit in which people can gain access to animals. The USDA and Cincinnati Zoo
didn't immediately respond Tuesday morning to requests for comment.

Zoo director Thane Maynard has repeatedly defended the shooting Saturday of the
17-year-old gorilla as necessary to save the 3-year-old who fell into the
enclosure. He says the zoo is safe.

The watchdog group's executive director, Michael Budkie, says the zoo has had
past problems. In March, two polar bears wandered through an open den door into
a service hallway.

___

This story has been corrected to show the boy is 3, not 4.

___

6 a.m.

The director of the Cincinnati Zoo says it remains safe for its 1.6 million
annual visitors despite a weekend tragedy in which a gorilla was fatally shot to
protect a 3-year-old boy who had entered its exhibit.

Thane Maynard, however, said a review is underway to determine any improvements
that can make the zoo safer.

The male western lowland gorilla named Harambe was killed Saturday by a special
zoo response team that feared for the boy's safety. Video taken by zoo visitors
showed the gorilla at times appeared protective of the boy but also violently
dragged him through the shallow moat.

Maynard said the decision to kill the gorilla was the right one. He said the
gorilla was agitated and disoriented by the commotion after the boy fell.

___

This story has been corrected to show the boy is 3, not 4.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 31, 2016 Tuesday 10:07 PM GMT

Police investigate parents of boy rescued from gorilla

BYLINE: By DAN SEWELL, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI


CINCINNATI (AP) - Police said Tuesday they are investigating the parents of the
3-year-old boy who fell into a gorilla enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo and had
to be rescued by a team that shot the 400-pound animal to death.

Authorities said the investigation will look at the parents' actions leading up
to the incident - not the operation of the zoo, which is overseen by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Police will then confer with prosecutors over whether
charges should be filed, Hamilton County Prosecutor Joe Deters said.

The incident has triggered a furor online, with some saying the boy's mother
should be charged with child endangering, while others want the zoo held
responsible for the animal's death.

Separately, USDA said it will investigate Saturday's incident for any violations
of the Animal Welfare Act.

Zoo authorities said the unidentified boy climbed over a 3-foot-high railing,
walked through bushes and plunged about 15 feet into a shallow moat. The zoo's
dangerous-animal response team killed the gorilla as it dragged the boy through
the water, authorities said. The boy had only minor scrapes on his head and
knee, according to police.

Ohio State University criminal law professor Ric Simmons said he doubts a charge
of child endangering could be proved in this instance, since the offense
typically involves leaving a youngster unattended for an extended time, not a
case of a child momentarily wandering off.

"The mother was standing next to a zoo exhibit and lost track of her child for
perhaps a minute or so," Simons said in an email. "That has happened to almost
every parent in the world in a public place."

The boy's family said he is "doing just fine" at home, and it had no further
comment.

A federal inspection by USDA less than two months ago found no problems with the
Gorilla World exhibit, but earlier zoo inspections detailed an incident in March
in which polar bears escaped through an open den door into a behind-the-scenes
hallway. No one was hurt, but an inspector warned that the public could have
been "at great risk for injury, harm or death."

Zoo director Thane Maynard said that using tranquilizers on the gorilla would
not have knocked the animal out right away, leaving the boy in danger. Maynard
said 17-year-old Harambe was agitated by the commotion from the crowd and was
extremely powerful, capable of crushing a coconut in one hand.

He said the zoo remains safe for its 1.6 million annual visitors, but a review
is underway to determine whether any improvements can be made.

Donald Trump weighed in Tuesday, saying the zoo had little choice but to kill
the gorilla. Trump said it was "a very tough call," but the child's life was at
stake.

The executive director of a Cincinnati-based animal rights organization is
calling on the USDA to fine the zoo.

"The barrier obviously isn't sufficient to keep the public out," said Michael
Budkie of Stop Animal Exploitation NOW. "Otherwise, Harambe wouldn't be dead."

Jack Hanna, host of "Jack Hanna's Into the Wild," said the zoo made the right
call by shooting the gorilla, telling WBNS-TV: "I'll bet my life on this, that
child would not be here today."

In an interview with Boston TV station WFXT, conservationist and television host
Jeff Corwin suggested that the boy's family should shoulder some of the blame,
saying: "Zoos aren't your baby sitter."

___

This story has been corrected to show that the boy is 3 years old, not 4.

___

Associated Press writers John Seewer in Toledo, Andrew Welsh-Huggins in
Columbus, Patrick Mairs in Philadelphia, and Jonathan Lemire and Rhonda Shafner
in New York contributed to this report.

___

Follow Dan Sewell at http://www.twitter.com/dansewell

For earlier stories on the gorilla shooting and some of Sewell's other recent
stories: http://bigstory.ap.org/content/dan-sewell

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 7:45 PM GMT

Cleveland says it's well-prepared to host GOP convention

BYLINE: By MARK GILLISPIE, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND (AP) - City officials on Tuesday insisted that they're prepared to
provide the security and medical care needed to keep people safe during the
Republican National Convention in July.

Last week, police in Greensboro, North Carolina, rescinded an offer to send 50
police officers to Cleveland during the convention because of concerns about the
city's preparedness to host an event that is expected to draw as many as 50,000
people.

Officials in Cleveland spent about 90 minutes Tuesday briefing reporters about
the city's security preparations. Police Chief Calvin Williams said the number
of police officers working outside the "hard" security zone surrounding the
convention venue, Quicken Loans Arena, would be "in the thousands."

Mayor Frank Jackson said Cleveland officials have visited every city that has
hosted a national political convention since 2004 to learn about best practices
for security.

"We are prepared," Jackson said. "We have done our diligence in many different
ways."

Greensboro police, in deciding not to send officers, also cited concerns that
its officers wouldn't be covered by worker's compensation insurance. Assistant
Cleveland law director Richard Horvath told reporters that Ohio doesn't allow
for that kind of coverage for out-of-state workers and that the provision was
included in agreements sent to police departments solicited to provide officers.

The convention in Cleveland could be the most tumultuous in decades thanks to
the polarizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump.
Earlier in the primary campaign, Trump predicted there would be riots in
Cleveland if the Republican Party tried to take the nomination away from him.
There are no indications that will happen, yet groups that support Trump and
groups that oppose him are planning to stage rallies and marches during the
convention and have expressed concerns about potential trouble.

Cleveland officials on Tuesday repeated earlier statements that anyone who wants
to protest lawfully will be allowed to do so, but others will be punished.

"We're not going to stand for lawlessness," Deputy Police Chief Ed Tomba said.
"If anybody goes sideways and doesn't follow the law, there will be
consequences."

Tomba added that officers working in the event zone that includes downtown
Cleveland won't wear riot gear unless it becomes necessary. Cleveland has
ordered 2,000 sets of personal protection equipment and the same number of
collapsible batons paid for with a $50 million federal security grant.

Cleveland is working with Cuyahoga County, a neighboring county and, if needed,
the state prison system, to provide enough jail beds should there be mass
arrests.

The city is also working with its three largest hospital systems to provide
medical care during the convention, officials said Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 7:12 PM GMT

Trump super PAC's new political guru must wait to do work

BYLINE: By JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 683 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - A super PAC's decision to hire a former Donald Trump campaign
operative comes with a caveat: He can't immediately do all that much, in a
period when there is so much to be done.

Stuart Jolly served as the now-presumptive Republican presidential nominee's
national field director until April 18. On Tuesday, the group Great America PAC
announced he was coming aboard as its national adviser for "general political
and fundraising activities."

Jolly's hiring may boost the credibility of a group that has so far struggled to
land major donations. But Federal Election Commission rules require Jolly to
wait 120 days to begin helping the super PAC with political advertising
strategy.

That "cooling off" period for Jolly ends in mid-August.

Great America's statement about his hiring hints that the group is going to keep
Jolly from political work at first, as required by federal regulators.

"Stuart will give us valuable counsel in the coming months and then help lead
our political team in the final critical weeks of the campaign," said Eric
Beach, a California-based fundraiser who in February started Great America with
Bill Doddridge, the chief executive officer of the Jewelry Exchange.

Jolly acknowledged in an interview that he has "a lot of limitations as to what
I can do at first." But he said he will focus on reaching out to donors and
pitching Great America as the go-to big money group for Trump.

That could be a tough assignment. Wealthy donors who want to help Trump in his
race against likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton are getting mixed signals
- starting with the candidate himself - as to where to send their checks. Trump
has repeatedly said super PACs are "corrupt."

Still, Great America and several other pro-Trump groups persist. Doug Watts, who
was communications director for Trump rival-turned-advocate Ben Carson, recently
started another super PAC, called the Committee for American Sovereignty.

Adding to the confusion, Carson - a high-profile Trump ally - recently spoke on
a Great America conference call, and Trump has praised Ed Rollins, its lead
strategist. However, as recently as April 27, the Trump campaign sent a
"disavowal notice" to the FEC about Great America, and Trump's friend and
informal political adviser Roger Stone continually disparages the group on
social media.

Great America had raised about $1 million through the end of April. That's not
enough to cover all of its planned expenses, leaving it more than $200,000 in
the hole.

The group has taken an unusual approach to raising money.

Traditionally, super political action committees go after big money because they
face no contribution limits. By contrast, the candidates' campaigns are limited
to $2,700 per donor, per election.

Yet Great America has raised a majority of its money from people giving $200 or
less. Just 6.3 percent of its contributions are coming from donors giving more
than $200, according to campaign finance documents through April 30.

In television ads meant to generate fundraising, Great America asks Trump
supporters to dial a telephone number. Those callers are told a pledge of $50 to
$75 would be used for "building the financial and grassroots organization needed
to win the White House."

Likewise, in emailed fundraising solicitations last week, Great America asks for
a "generous contribution of $25, $50, $75, or even $100 or more" to the super
PAC.

That means Great America is potentially cannibalizing from the same pool of
donors who could be giving to the Trump campaign directly.

The campaign is specifically going after small contributors via a fundraising
account called the Trump Make America Great Again Committee, which will split
those gifts 80 percent to 20 percent with the Republican National Committee. An
email seeks donations of $35.

Jolly said he sees one of his first tasks as to land bigger donors - which would
help make Great America more of a traditional super PAC.

"These guys are way ahead of everyone else," Jolly said. "To me it was a
no-brainer to join them."

___

Follow Julie Bykowicz on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/bykowicz

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 6:56 PM GMT

Justices reject union appeal over Trump Taj Mahal bankruptcy

BYLINE: By WAYNE PARRY, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.


ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a union
challenge seeking to restore health and pension benefits for more than 1,000
workers at the Trump Taj Mahal casino in Atlantic City.

But not even the nation's highest court could end a bitter dispute between the
union, which vowed continued picketing to try to drive away business from the
casino, and billionaire investor Carl Icahn, who has sparred with it over
benefits he considers unaffordable and extortionate.

The justices let stand lower court rulings in favor of the former Trump
Entertainment Resorts, once run by presumptive Republican presidential nominee
Donald Trump. The labor strife occurred after Trump was no longer involved with
the company, save for a 10 percent stake for the use of his name; that stake was
wiped out in bankruptcy court.

The union indicated it will continue to picket the casino, which is now owned by
billionaire investor Carl Icahn.

"Just because courts have OK'd Icahn seizing our health insurance, pension and
paid breaks doesn't mean that this company will be able to rebuild its business
while workers are still without health care, and protesting in the streets,"
said Al Wallinger, who has worked as a bellman at the casino since it opened in
1990.

Icahn, who took control of the casino in March after propping it up with tens of
millions of dollars during its nearly two years in bankruptcy, insisted the
union is putting its own profits before the job security of its workers.

"Even the union will not deny that without our capital when it was sorely
needed, the Taj Mahal would not exist today," Icahn told The Associated Press.
"It is amazing to me that the union is still fighting us. It's as if they're
hoping to see us close."

The company filed for bankruptcy protection in 2014 and a federal bankruptcy
judge imposed cost savings sought by the company. They included terminating
health insurance and pension benefits for unionized workers.

The company gave workers cash stipends to purchase health insurance on their own
through the Affordable Care Act, but many workers say it has been insufficient.

Local 54 of the Unite-HERE union represents most Atlantic City casino workers
and it appealed the judge's order. The union said labor law prohibits an
employer from abandoning a collective bargaining agreement, even in a
bankruptcy. It has authorized a strike against the Taj Mahal, but so far workers
have not walked off the job.

Icahn repeatedly said that if a higher court restored the benefits that were
canceled by the bankruptcy court, he would withdraw financial support from the
casino and shut it down.

He is investing $15 million on immediate upgrades at the casino, which is making
an ambitious effort to win back business it lost during its bankruptcy.

___

Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 6:54 PM GMT

SiriusXM suspends Glenn Beck over Trump comments on show

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 278 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Conservative host Glenn Beck has been suspended by SiriusXM
satellite radio for agreeing with an author who asked hypothetically "what
patriot will step up" to remove Republican Donald Trump from office if he's
elected president and oversteps his authority.

SiriusXM said Beck's program was suspended for this week and the company was
"evaluating its place" in the lineup.

The comments "may be reasonably construed by some to have been advocating harm
against an individual currently running for office," SiriusXM said in a
statement.

During an interview May 25, author Brad Thor said he was "about to suggest
something very bad" before citing a weak Congress and asking "what patriot will
step up" to stop President Trump if he tried to exceed the powers of his office.

"I would agree with you on that," Beck responded.

Thor, a frequent guest of Beck's and an author of thriller novels, said in a
statement to The Associated Press that he and Beck "were discussing a
speculative future America under a dictator."

"Safeguarding the Republic against a dictatorship is a topic of conversation
that dates back to the Founders. If we had to unseat a president without the
backing of the Congress, we would need a patriot along the lines of George
Washington to lead the country from tyranny back to liberty," he said.

A representative for Beck didn't immediately return a request for comment.

Beck created a subscription website and a syndicated radio network after leaving
his Fox News television program in 2011. Beck's show on Fox ended amid a boycott
of advertisers after Beck said Democratic President Barack Obama had "a
deep-seated hatred for white people."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 6:36 PM GMT

Hacked Texas construction signs call Donald Trump a lizard

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 137 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


DALLAS (AP) - Electronic construction signs in the Dallas area appear to have
been hacked, displaying messages calling Donald Trump a reptile and imploring
early morning commuters to take a day off work.

The portable signs along Interstate 30 and elsewhere flashed messages early
Tuesday including, "Donald Trump is a ... shape shifting lizard!" Another
message read, "Bernie for president," referring to Democratic candidate Bernie
Sanders.

Another sign said: "Work is canceled. Go back home."

The signs appear to be ones used by the Texas Department of Transportation.

TxDOT told Dallas-Fort Worth broadcaster KRLD that there's no humor in what the
hackers did. The agency says the messages bumped warnings to motorists about
nearby construction zones.

The Associated Press left a message for a TxDOT spokesman seeking comment.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 6:22 PM GMT

Intelligence briefings come with presidential nomination

BYLINE: By DEB RIECHMANN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1022 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - After the political convention confetti is swept away, a more
sobering tradition of the presidential election begins: The regular, top-secret
intelligence briefings for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, the likely
Democratic nominee.

Started by President Harry S. Truman, the briefings are designed to get the
candidates, before they walk into the Oval Office, up to speed on problems
around the globe. Truman, who was Franklin D. Roosevelt's vice president for
almost three months before Roosevelt died, first learned about the Manhattan
Project to develop an atomic bomb only 12 days into his presidency, and he
pledged not to leave any future commander in chief behind the ball.

There's an old political saw about how a White House candidate believes firmly
in his or her foreign policy views - until that first top-secret briefing. In
his recent book, former CIA Director Michael Hayden says these revelations are
known as "aw s---" moments - as in, "Aw s---, wish we hadn't said that during
that campaign stop in Buffalo."

If Clinton is the Democratic nominee, much of the intelligence information she
receives probably will sound familiar. As secretary of state until 2013, Clinton
was one of President Barack Obama's senior advisers who were privy to the
President's Daily Brief - the highest level intelligence document prepared in
the United States.

The intelligence briefings could be eye-opening for New York businessman Donald
Trump. The Republican's loose-lipped campaign remarks have left some
intelligence and foreign policy officials worried about whether he can keep the
nation's secrets. Trump has said in interviews that he's looking forward to the
briefings.

Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, whose office arranges the
briefings, was asked recently what he would want to say to Trump to help educate
the political newcomer about foreign policy and perhaps even counter some of his
ideas, such as temporarily banning Muslims from entering the United States.

Clapper bristled and said the question falsely implied that the U.S.
intelligence agencies would have a separate message for each candidate.

"There's a long-standing practice of briefing each of the candidates once they
are officially designated. And that sort of shifts into higher gear, in terms of
detail, after the president-elect is known," Clapper said. "It's not designed to
shape anybody's world view. We just brief as we normally would - each of them -
and they (the briefings) have to be exactly the same."

But Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said
he believes many people share his deep concern about Trump's inexperience with
handling classified information.

"I would have to imagine that those concerns are fairly broadly held, so I
wouldn't be at all surprised if the intelligence briefings received by both
candidates - which will be identical - will be at a more generalized level than
they might otherwise be," said Schiff, D-Calif.

Clinton had her own issues with secret information while secretary of state. The
FBI is investigating whether her use of a private server in her home to send and
receive work-related emails - including 22 that have since been classified -
broke any laws.

Intelligence officials have started planning the briefings, which probably will
begin right after the Democratic and Republican conventions in late July. After
the Nov. 8 election, more detailed briefings for the president-elect will
include information about U.S. covert operations. The sitting president has the
final decision on how much information is disclosed to the president-elect;
typically that includes access to the entire President's Daily Brief.

The ritual began in 1952, when Truman offered intelligence briefings to
Republican nominee Dwight D. Eisenhower and Democrat Adlai Stevenson.

CIA briefers were in a quandary after the 2000 election, when the country didn't
know for some time whether Republican George W. Bush or Democrat Al Gore had
won. Bush had received a four-hour CIA briefing in September before the election
at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, but he had never seen the President's Daily
Brief, which Gore saw daily as vice president.

As their lengthy ballot recount dragged into December, President Bill Clinton
authorized intelligence officials to share the so-called PDB with Bush, too.

"The CIA was basically on the edges of their seats waiting for permission to
start briefing Bush," said David Priess, author of "The President's Book of
Secrets," a history of the President's Daily Brief.

The first one on Dec. 5 almost didn't happen because water poured through the
ceiling of the CIA's outpost in Austin, Texas, threatening efforts to reproduce
the so-called PDB on sensitive communications equipment.

Priess said Bush started receiving the PDB later than any other president in
recent history, and he is the only person in the modern era to get PDB briefings
before he technically was president-elect.

The pre-election briefings for Eisenhower's successor, John F. Kennedy, raised
the issue of when presidential candidates should find out about pending U.S.
covert operations - in this case what became the failed U.S.-sponsored Bay of
Pigs invasion meant to topple Cuban leader Fidel Castro.

Ten days after becoming president-elect, Kennedy was given the details at his
family's home in Palm Beach, Florida. Likewise, Trump or Clinton, as early as
the day after the election, could learn more about operations against the
Islamic State group, for instance, than they know now.

Eisenhower, the first to receive the briefings, was commander of allied forces
in Europe during World War II, so he was in on his share of secrets before
winning the presidency. He received four briefings, including one on a train
bound for Grand Central Station in New York, according to a book by former CIA
inspector general John Helgerson, who extensively researched the briefings.

Another briefing was conducted in Denver where Eisenhower stopped in at a rodeo
and toured the grounds in a stagecoach with the CIA briefer riding "shotgun, up
top with the driver," Helgerson wrote.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 5:53 PM GMT

AP-NORC poll: Americans want nomination system changed

BYLINE: By CATHERINE LUCEY and EMILY SWANSON, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS; Only on AP

LENGTH: 874 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Iowa


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Superdelegates. Closed-off primaries. Complicated
caucuses.

Many Americans are not happy with the way presidential candidates are chosen and
have little faith in the fairness of either the Democratic or Republican system,
according to a new poll by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs
Research.

According to the survey, the public prefers open primaries to those that are
closed to all but party members. They like primaries instead of caucuses, and
they oppose the party insiders known as superdelegates, who have a substantial
say in the Democratic race.

"It's kind of like a rigged election," said Nayef Jaber, a 66-year-old Sanders
supporter from San Rafael, California. "It's supposed to be one man, one vote."

Changing the primary process has become a rallying cry for Democrat Bernie
Sanders. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump has also criticized the
system.

According to the poll, 38 percent of Americans say they have hardly any
confidence that the Democratic Party's process for selecting a presidential
nominee is fair; 44 percent say the same of the Republican Party's process.

Just 17 percent of Republicans and 31 percent of Democrats have a great deal of
confidence in their own party's system being fair.

"The common man needs to be included more," said Gwendolyn Posey, 44, a
registered independent from Sparks, Oklahoma, who said she could not cast a
ballot for Texas Republican Ted Cruz because she had not changed her
registration to Republican in time.

Sanders has little if any chance of catching up to rival Hillary Clinton in
votes or delegates, but still hopes to influence the party platform, as well as
spark debate about the rules. Trump has also called the Republican process
"rigged."

Both parties have complex mechanisms for choosing presidential nominees, with
each state holding caucuses or primaries under different rules. Candidates earn
delegates to back them at the summer nominating conventions, with a certain
number required to clinch the nomination.

Democrats embraced superdelegates in 1982 to make sure party leaders have a say
in who is nominated. By giving key insiders more voice, leaders hoped to avoid
what some saw as a mistake in 1972, when George McGovern won the nomination but
was a weak general election candidate. About 15 percent of the total delegates
this year are superdelegates, and critics say this group has given Clinton an
advantage. She holds a commanding lead over Sanders, however, even without
counting the superdelegates.

Supporters of Sanders are especially incensed about the use of superdelegates,
who can back any candidate at the convention regardless of how people voted in
primaries and caucuses. Republicans have no equivalent to superdelegates.

Fifty-three percent of Americans say the Democrats' use of superdelegates is a
bad idea, according to the polls, while just 17 percent say it's a good idea.
Among Democrats, 46 percent say it's a bad idea and only 25 percent say it's a
good idea.

Sanders has also called for more open primaries, slamming states that won't
allow independent voters to participate, as well as ones where people must
register with a party in advance. Americans generally also say that open
primaries are more fair than closed primaries, 69 percent to 29 percent.
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say open primaries are the most
fair, 73 percent to 62 percent.

The defense of closed primaries is that these are party events, designed for
party members to pick their candidate for the general election. Just how
difficult it is to register with a party for voting varies by state, with some
allowing same day registration and others requiring registration weeks or months
in advance.

Caucuses, too, are on the outs with many people. They are often lengthy meetings
held at a fixed time, unlike primary elections, which just require a stop at a
polling place, if not a vote in advance. Poll respondents preferred primaries 81
percent to 17 percent, with overwhelming majorities of Democrats and Republicans
saying so. Sanders has performed well in caucuses, however, in part because his
supporters are willing to invest the time in them.

But caucus proponents say these are uniquely intimate political gatherings where
people discuss candidates with friends and neighbors. The leadoff Iowa caucuses
grew in prominence starting in the 1970s and became a serious stop on the
campaign trail after President Jimmy Carter kicked off his path to the White
House with an Iowa win in 1976. Caucuses this year were held mostly in lower
population places in the west and Midwest.

Looking ahead, both sides are talking about potential changes, though those
discussions would likely unfold after the conventions this summer.

___

Swanson reported from Washington.

___

The AP-NORC poll of 1,060 adults was conducted May 12-15 using a sample drawn
from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be
representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all
respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.

Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods,
and interviewed later online or by telephone.

___

Online:

AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 3:08 PM GMT

McConnell says Trump has earned GOP nomination

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday that while
presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is "a phenomenon" and
political outsider, he has earned the right to the GOP nomination and the
party's support.

"I think Donald Trump is a phenomenon. I don't believe Donald Trump is going to
change the Republican Party in a fundamental way. He appeals to a lot of voters,
he'll be the nominee. I don't have any problem supporting him," McConnell said.

McConnell said Trump is helping the party reach out to voters who "have not
lately voted for Republicans." That will make the party's competitive in
November against likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, McConnell said on
MSNBC's "Morning Joe."

"The reason I'm supporting Donald Trump is I don't want four more years just
like the last eight," McConnell said, adding, "there's no chance Hillary Clinton
is going to be any different than Barack Obama."

Trump's appeal as an outsider has succeeded in part because "the voters this
year were looking for something very different, particularly the right-of-center
voters," McConnell said. "You can argue the left-of-center is expressing itself
the same way," looking to Bernie Sanders.

The Senate Republican leader declined to answer directly whether he thought
House Speaker Paul Ryan should issue a formal endorsement of Trump.

"My view is that Trump has earned the nomination because he went out and got the
most votes" in the primary and caucus process, McConnell said. "We need to be
respectful of the process."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 2:14 PM GMT

California Gov. Jerry Brown endorses Clinton before primary

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 127 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - California Gov. Jerry Brown is endorsing Hillary Clinton just
a week before the state's June 7 primary.

In an open letter tweeted Tuesday, Brown writes that Clinton has the best shot
at stopping Republican Donald Trump, whose candidacy he calls "dangerous."

The governor says that while he's impressed with how well Bernie Sanders has
done, he believes a Clinton candidacy is the only path forward for Democrats to
win the presidency.

Brown says Clinton's lead over Sanders is insurmountable. He points out that
voters have given her about 3 million more votes and hundreds more delegates.

Brown says that with Clinton's long experience, especially as secretary of
state, she has a firm grasp of the issues and will be prepared to lead on day
one.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 8:19 AM GMT

Inside the origins of Trump's high-octane Twitter account

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Peter Costanzo is the man who helped turn Donald Trump into
@RealDonaldTrump.

That, of course, is Trump's Twitter account - a high-octane portal for the
presumptive Republican presidential nominee to pump out insults, political
attacks and self-promotion to more than 8 million followers. But the
billionaire's foray into the world of social media began with a much simpler
purpose, yet one that's still distinctively Trump: making money.

Costanzo crossed paths with Trump in 2009 when he was working as online
marketing director for the publishing company putting out the businessman's
book, "Think Like a Champion." Twitter was still in its infancy at the time. But
Costanzo saw the 140-character-per-message platform as a new tool that the real
estate mogul could use to boost sales and reach a broader audience.

He was given seven minutes to make his pitch to Trump - "Not five minutes, not
10," Constanzo said - in a boardroom at Trump Tower in Manhattan that appeared
to be the same one used on Trump's reality television show.

Trump liked what he heard.

"I said, 'Let's call you @RealDonaldTrump - you're the real Donald Trump,'"
Costanzo said. "He thought about it for a minute and said, 'I like it. Let's do
it.'"

Costanzo would spend the next several months helping coordinate Trump's Twitter
account, as well as his official Facebook page, often sending out messages for
his famous client. He credited Trump with being an early adopter of the service
and says he believes Trump understood its potential.

"He seemed very excited about the idea of being able to reach people so
directly," Costanzo said. "I think he immediately got it."

Trump's office confirmed the outlines of Costanzo's account. Costanzo - a
51-year-old who goes by @PeterCostanzo on Twitter - now works as digital and
archival publishing manager for The Associated Press, a position that is
separate from the news department.

While Costanzo's moniker for Trump on Twitter may have survived, the early days
of the businessman's account bear little resemblance to the current iteration,
which frequently drives news in the White House race.

During the roughly eight months when Costanzo was in charge of the burgeoning
Trump Twitter account, each missive was carefully crafted by the publishing
company or the businessman's office. Trump got final approval before Costanzo
pressed "Tweet."

Most of the messages were quotations from the book, a collection of Trump
lessons on life and business. "My persona will never be that of a wallflower -
I'd rather build walls than cling to them," read one early tweet.

Sometimes Trump would send word through an associate that he wanted to offer a
holiday greeting. His retweets were rare then.

Now, Trump starts firing off messages early in the morning and often continues
past midnight. He'll shout out tweets for aides to type during the day and take
over himself at night. Spelling and grammar are sometimes amiss, and exclamation
points are plentiful.

Trump frequently retweets messages from other people's accounts, something he's
admitted "gets me in trouble." He faced particular criticism for retweeting an
unflattering photo of former rival Ted Cruz's wife and has since said he wished
he hadn't done that.

Costanzo, who no longer has any role with Trump's Twitter account or books, says
he's marveled at the following his most famous client has built on social media.
Asked whether he had any Twitter advice for Trump now, Costanzo said, "He seems
to be doing just fine without me."

___

Follow Julie Pace on Twitter at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Enterprise/Feature

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 7:02 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 128 words


"He is a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator."
-Renowned theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking, discussing the rise of U.S.
presidential candidate Donald Trump.

________

"Honestly it wasn't too bad. I got to the airport an hour and a half early, but
security only took like 15 minutes." -Memorial Day traveler Kendra Morehead of
Wooster, Ohio, who flew from Detroit to Denver for a conference.

________

"People can shout at the parents and people can shout at the zoo. The fact is
that a gorilla that just celebrated his birthday has been killed." -Anthony
Seta, an animal rights activist in Cincinnati, who helped organize a vigil for a
gorilla who was shot and killed at the Cincinnati Zoo after a 4-year-old boy
entered the primate's habitat.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 1933 words


AP-NORC Poll: Voters feel disconnected, helpless in 2016

WASHINGTON (AP) - Republicans and Democrats feel a massive disconnect with their
political parties and helpless about the presidential election.

That's according to a new poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public
Affairs Research, which helps explain the rise of outsider candidates Donald
Trump and Bernie Sanders and suggests challenges ahead for fractured parties
that must come together to win this fall.

"It feels like the state of politics is generally broken," said Joe Denother, a
37-year-old Oregon voter who typically favors Republicans.

The divisive primary season has fueled an overall sense of pessimism about the
political process that underscores a widening chasm between political parties
and the voters they claim to represent. Just 12 percent of Republicans think the
GOP is very responsive to ordinary voters, while 25 percent of Democrats say the
same of their party.

Among all Americans, the AP-NORC poll found that just 8 percent consider the
Republican Party to be very or extremely responsive to what ordinary voters
think. An additional 29 percent consider the GOP moderately responsive and 62
percent say it's only slightly or not at all responsive.

___

South Korea says North Korea missile launch likely failed

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - A North Korean missile launch likely failed on
Tuesday, according to South Korea's military, the latest in a string of
high-profile failures that tempers somewhat recent worries that Pyongyang was
pushing quickly toward its goal of a nuclear-tipped missile that can reach
America's mainland.

South Korea's Yonhap news agency said in an unsourced report that the missile
was a powerful mid-range Musudan, which, if true, would make it the fourth
failure by the North to conduct a successful test launch of the new missile,
which could potentially reach far-away U.S. military bases in Asia and the
Pacific. Seoul defense officials could not immediately confirm the report.

The South's Joint Chiefs of Staff said in statement that the North attempted to
launch an unidentified missile early in the morning from the Wonsan area, but
likely failed. The military is analyzing what happened and had no other details.

Despite recent failures, there has been growing outside worry over North Korea's
nuclear and missile activity this year, which includes a nuclear test in January
and a long-range rocket test in February that outsiders see as a test of banned
long-range missile technology.

The most recent launch follows Seoul's rejection of recent Pyongyang overtures
to talk, part of what some analysts see as an attempt by the North to start a
dialogue meant to win the impoverished country aid.

___

Iraqi forces push into Fallujah as IS bombings kill 24

BAGHDAD (AP) - Iraqi forces started pushing into the city of Fallujah on Monday
as a wave of bombings claimed by the Islamic State group in Baghdad and near the
Iraqi capital killed at least 24 people.

The advance is part of an offensive to rout militants from Fallujah and
recapture the city west of Baghdad, which has been held by the Islamic State for
over two years. The offensive on Fallujah, backed by paramilitary troops and
aerial support from the U.S.-led coalition, was first launched about a week ago.

The battle for the strategic city is likely to be a protracted one, with Iraqi
forces advancing slowly to minimize civilian casualties. Tens of thousands of
civilians are believed to be still inside the city, trapped by the fighting.

Meanwhile, the bombings by the Islamic State, which has been behind several
recent deadly attacks in Baghdad and beyond, are seen as an attempt by the
militants to distract the security forces' attention from the front lines.

The deadliest of Monday's attacks took place in the northern, Shiite-dominated
Shaab neighborhood of Baghdad where a suicide bomber rammed his explosives-laden
car into a checkpoint next to a commercial area, killing eight civilians and
three soldiers. The explosion also wounded up to 14 people, a police officer
said.

___

Obama marks Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery

ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) - President Barack Obama challenged Americans on Memorial
Day to fill the silence from those who died serving their country with love and
support for families of the fallen, "not just with words but with our actions."

Obama laid a wreath Monday at the Tomb of the Unknowns to honor the nation's war
dead. Under mostly sunny skies at Arlington National Cemetery, he bowed his head
for a moment, then placed his right hand over his heart as taps was played.
Obama in his address commemorated the more than 1 million people in U.S. history
who paid the ultimate sacrifice.

Obama said the markers at Arlington belong mostly to young Americans, those who
never lived to be honored as veterans for their service.

The Americans who rest here, and their families - the best of us, those from
whom we asked everything - ask of us today only one thing in return: that we
remember them," Obama said.

In his remarks, Obama called for Americans to honor the families who lost loved
ones and the battle buddies left behind. He said it's important to ensure
veterans get access to good health care and jobs. "We have to do better," he
said. "We have to be there not only when we need them, but when they need us."

___

Physicist Stephen Hawking baffled by Donald Trump's rise

LONDON (AP) - Renowned theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking may have a good
grasp of the workings of the universe, but he says he can't understand Donald
Trump's popularity.

Hawking tells ITV's "Good Morning Britain" show Tuesday that he has no
explanation for the success of the presumptive Republican Party presidential
nominee.

"He is a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator,"
Hawking says in prerecorded comments to be broadcast when the show airs at 6
a.m. London time (0500 GMT, 1 a.m. EDT) Tuesday.

Hawking , who speaks through a computer system operated with his cheek, also
made a plea for British voters to choose to remain in the European Union in the
June 23 referendum.

He said it is important not only for economic and security research but also to
further scientific research.

___

Cincinnati Zoo director defends killing gorilla to save boy

CINCINNATI (AP) - The Cincinnati Zoo's director on Monday defended the decision
to kill a gorilla to protect a 4-year-old boy who entered its exhibit, noting
it's easy to second-guess after the child was recovered safely.

The male western lowland gorilla named Harambe was killed Saturday by a special
zoo response team that feared for the boy's safety. Video taken by zoo visitors
showed the gorilla at times appeared to be protective of the boy but also
dragged him through the shallow moat.

Director Thane Maynard said the gorilla was agitated and disoriented by the
commotion during the 10 minutes after the boy fell. He said the gorilla could
crush a coconut in one hand and there was no doubt that the boy's life was in
danger.

"We stand by our decision," he said Monday, reiterating that using a
tranquilizer on the 420-pound gorilla could have further threatened the boy
because it wouldn't have taken effect immediately.

Maynard said an investigation indicates the boy climbed over a 3-foot-tall
railing, then walked through an area of bushes about 4 feet deep before plunging
some 15 feet into the moat. The boy was treated at a hospital and released that
same day.

___

Residents brace for more flooding as Texas river crests

FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) - Residents of some rural southeast Texas counties braced
for more flooding on Monday along a river that is expected to crest at a record
level just two years after it had run dry in places because of drought.

National Weather Service meteorologists predicted that the Brazos river would
crest at 53.5 feet by midday Tuesday in Fort Bend County, three feet above the
previous record and topping a 1994 flood that caused extensive damage.

During four days of torrential rain, six people have died in floods along the
Brazos, which runs from New Mexico to the Gulf of Mexico. A Brazos River
Authority map shows all 11 of the reservoirs fed by the Brazos at 95 to 100
percent capacity.

A man whose body was recovered late Sunday from a retention pond in the Austin
area near the Circuit of the Americas auto racing track appeared to be one of
two people reported missing earlier, said Travis County sheriff's spokeswoman
Lisa Block.

There have been reports of others missing in Travis County, and crews will
resume searching Tuesday, but Block said there's no confirmation yet of
additional missing people.

___

Chad's ex-dictator convicted, sentenced to life for abuses

DAKAR, Senegal (AP) - Former Chad dictator Hissene Habre was found guilty Monday
of crimes against humanity, war crimes, torture and sex crimes during his rule
and he was sentenced to life in prison, ending a trial more than 15 years in the
making.

Victims, former prisoners and their relatives broke out into whoops of joy, hugs
and tears in the courtroom when ruling was announced by the three-judge panel in
the special court in Senegal.

A defiant Habre raised his fist and shouted to his supporters: "Long live
independent Africa! Down with France-Africa!"

His wife wept and his backers called him a defender of Africa as the 73-year-old
Habre was escorted from court.

He was convicted of being responsible for thousands of deaths and torture in
prisons while in power from 1982 to 1990. A 1992 Chadian Truth Commission
accused Habre's government of systematic torture, saying 40,000 people died
during his rule. It placed particular blame on his police force.

___

Mexican soccer player Alan Pulido overpowered kidnappers

CIUDAD VICTORIA, Mexico (AP) - About 24 hours after he was kidnapped, Mexican
soccer star Alan Pulido found himself alone with one of his captors and saw his
chance. He wrestled away the man's pistol and his cellphone and dialed Mexico's
emergency number.

Within minutes, he was free.

An official summary report of three calls to an emergency operator obtained by
The Associated Press shows the 25-year-old forward for Olympiakos in the Greek
league threatened and beat his captor while on the phone, demanding to be told
where they were.

The dramatic account of derring-do shows that Pulido - listed at 5-foot-9 (176
centimeters) and about 150 pounds (68 kilograms) - was the main actor in his own
liberation, a contrast with initial official accounts of a rescue by police.

On a first call, with the kidnapper overpowered, Pulido peered out of a window
and described the white two-story house with two cars, grey and red, parked in
front.

___

Tropical Depression Bonnie dissipates after heavy rains

CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) - Tropical Depression Bonnie and its heavy rains
dissipated over South Carolina on Monday, as a wet Memorial Day holiday weekend
comes to an end in the area.

The depression fell apart early in the day about 45 miles north of Charleston,
according to the National Hurricane Center.

The storm was expected to continue as an area of low pressure, moving northeast
into North Carolina and sporadically spreading heavy rain, especially during the
daylight hours, forecasters said.

The main concern throughout the holiday weekend has been heavy rains and strong
surf more than wind.

Bonnie dropped about 8 inches of rain in southern South Carolina on Sunday,
closing the southbound lanes of Interstate 95 about 20 miles north of the
Georgia state line for about 16 hours. The highway finally reopened around 1
a.m. Monday, and troopers reported the 10-mile backups caused by the detour had
been cleared.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                        May 31, 2016 Tuesday 1:15 AM GMT

10 Things to Know for Tuesday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 344 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Tuesday:

1. WHAT A NEW POLL REVEALS ABOUT US VOTERS

An Associated Press-NORC poll finds that U.S. voters feel disconnected from
their political parties during this presidential contest.

2. THE LATEST ON FALLUJAH IN IRAQ

Iraq forces begin their push into Fallujah, expecting to encounter the stiffest
resistance to date in the campaign to free parts of the country from the Islamic
State group.

3. THE ROLE OF DATA IN THE PRESIDENTIAL RACE

Data specialists working with the Republican Party say Donald Trump trails
Hillary Clinton's campaign by months, even years, in using digital campaigning
to woo voters.

4. CINCINNATI ZOO RESPONDS TO DECISION TO KILL GORILLA

A director at the zoo defended the decision to kill a gorilla named Harambe to
protect a 4-year-old who had entered its exhibit.

5. ERIC HOLDER COMMENTS ON EDWARD SNOWDEN

The ex-U.S. Attorney General says the former National Security Agency contractor
performed a "public service" in stoking a national debate about secret domestic
surveillance programs but should still stand trial.

6. BAYLOR HIRES COACH TO REPLACE ART BRILES

The Baptist university brings on former Wake Forest coach to Jim Grobe to lead
football program through a tumultuous time.

7. RISE OF DONALD TRUMP ELUDES COMPREHENSION FOR THIS SCIENTIST

Renowned physicist Stephen Hawking says he can't understand Trump's popularity.

8. BRAZIL ATTACK HIGHLIGHTS VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN

Brazilian police investigating a gang rape possibly involving more than 30 men
say they have no doubt the assault happened but tests on the 16-year-old victim
were done too late to provide conclusive evidence.

9. STRIKE ENDS FOR VERIZON EMPLOYEES

Nearly 40,000 striking employees at the phone company will return to work
Wednesday after reaching a tentative contract agreement.

10. HOW SEVERE WEATHER IS AFFECTING RURAL TEXAS

Residents of some southeast Texas counties brace for more flooding as a major
river slowly rose above a previous record after torrential rains last week.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       May 31, 2016 Tuesday 12:37 AM GMT

Chicago gets some pension relief as Rauner veto overridden

BYLINE: By JOHN O'CONNOR, AP Political Writer

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Ill.


SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) - Chicago taxpayers will save $1 billion on police and
fire pension costs in the short term under a law the General Assembly approved
Monday after some House Republicans bucked their governor, who had railed
against it as a ridiculous expansion of the Illinois' growing pension hole.

The House voted 72-43 to override Gov. Bruce Rauner's veto of the savings plan,
which trumps state law that required the city to pump $4.62 billion into
retirement accounts for police officers and firefighters through 2020.

The huge payments could have forced a $300 million property tax increase, Mayor
Rahm Emanuel had warned. But Rauner countered that shorting payments will cost
an extra $18.6 billion in interest during the next 40 years.

The House quickly followed the Senate in reversing the first-term governor, a
businessman who has pounced on the issue of Illinois' woeful pension funding -
in municipal as well as state accounts - since he was a candidate.

The city's police and fire funds are $12 billion short of what's needed to cover
current and future obligations. Chronic underfunding over the decades is largely
to blame, as it is responsible for the $111 billion shortfall Illinois faces in
its state-employee accounts. Rauner saw the legislation as another means of
delaying the pain accompanying fiscal balance.

"Clearly, those who supported this measure haven't recognized what happens when
government fail to promptly fund pension obligations," Rauner said in a
statement.

The legislation was approved in the House last year with 65 votes - six short of
the number needed for a veto override. But Monday, some Republicans jumped to
the Democratic mayor's aid Monday. Arlington Heights Republican Rep. David
Harris said Emanuel inherited the mess from his predecessor and already raised
property taxes by $500 million just to catch up on underfunded pensions.

"Not a penny for public works, not a penny for infrastructure improvement,"
Harris said. "That's a tough thing to do and I give him credit for that."

The Democratic-controlled Senate voted 39-19 earlier Monday to OK the plan
unions endorse. The Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 7 and Chicago Firefighters
Union Local 2 backed the plan they had negotiated with Emanuel.

"We in the city agreed to step up and finally do our part to responsibly fund
these pensions," Emanuel said in a prepared statement.

The plan would reduce Chicago's required pension deposits to police and fire
retirement funds by $1 billion, to $3.63 billion, and stretches the timeline
from 2040 to 2055 for the funds to meet a level of funding equal to 90 percent
of what they need to cover current and future payouts.

Despite the blow to Rauner, many GOP lawmakers stayed the course.

"At some point, you're going to have to take fiscal responsibility for your own
actions," Naperville Republican Rep. Grant Wehrli said. "Chicago, raise your
taxes."

___

The bill is SB777.

Online: http://www.ilga.gov

___

Contact Political Writer John O'Connor at https://twitter.com/apoconnor . His
work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/john-oconnor

___

This story has been updated to correct that Chicago's previous property tax
increase was $500 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      June 1, 2016 Wednesday 11:31 PM GMT

Trump University: Sales strategy foreshadowed campaign

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE, JILL COLVIN and JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1010 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Grand promises. Boundless boasts. Absolute faith in the man
behind it all.

The strategies that Donald Trump's now-defunct educational company used to woo
customers have plenty of echoes of the presumptive Republican nominee's current
pitch to voters, based on newly disclosed court documents about Trump
University. Hillary Clinton leapt on the parallels Wednesday, using them to cast
Trump as a "fraud" who peddles false promises to Americans but cares only about
his personal gain.

"He is trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump U,"
Clinton said during a campaign stop in Newark, New Jersey. "It's important that
we recognize what he has done because that's usually a pretty good indicator of
what he will do."

The new details about Trump University were revealed in documents released
Tuesday as part of a trio of lawsuits accusing the businessman of fleecing
students with unfulfilled promises to provide secrets of real estate success.
Plaintiffs contend the organization gave seminars and classes across the country
that constantly pressured customers to buy more and more but failed to deliver
on promises of financial success.

Trump vigorously maintains that customers were overwhelmingly pleased with the
offerings, and the documents do include testimony from several satisfied
customers. His campaign released a video Wednesday featuring several people
speaking positively about their experiences - although two of the former
students shown have business ties to Trump.

A case against Trump University in San Diego is scheduled to go to trial shortly
after the November presidential election.

The documents released ahead of the trial underscore that, like the
businessman's presidential campaign, the selling point of Trump University was
its namesake's unshakeable self-confidence and his own personal success story.

The program's 2009 playbook boasts that Trump is "the most celebrated
entrepreneur on earth. He makes more money in a day than most people do in a
lifetime." Another manual boasts, "The Trump University Team is truly the best
of the best, however Retreat & Special Events Team Members are the crème de la
crème of the best of the best."

The playbooks, which are guides for those running the Trump University seminars,
are chock-full of advice on how to seal the deal with prospective students,
including painstakingly specific instructions on seminar room setups and music
selections, reminiscent of the attention to detail given to the stagecraft at
the candidate's signature campaign rallies.

An operating guide for supervisors contains "Sales Wisdoms" that appear to echo
Trump's speaking strategy at his rallies at which he rails about the nation's
problems - from immigration to trade deals to the death of the American dream -
without offering much in the way of specific solutions.

"When you talk to customers, it usually works best if the subject is problems,"
one document reads. Another declares, "The customers must perceive the problem."
And a third makes clear, "You don't sell products, benefits or solutions - you
sell feelings."

The Trump University material also seems to foreshadow Trump's run-ins with the
media, offering tips for what organizers should do if a reporter attempts to
conduct an interview at a seminar. Among the guidelines: "You don't have to
deliver what the reporter wants" and "Reporters are rarely on your side and they
are not sympathetic."

But Trump doesn't always follow his school's advice.

"Never disparage a competitor or competitive products ... focus on the benefits
of our programs and how they meet the needs of the client," the school's
training manuals advises employees. Trump has reveled in disparaging his rivals,
continuing to bash his former Republican competitors even after locking up the
nomination.

As Trump steamrolled through the GOP primary, some of those rivals raised Trump
University as a liability for the businessman, and at least five different
outside groups mentioned the business in attack ads. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio
also used Trump University in his campaign speeches in an attempt to blunt the
real estate mogul's political rise.

"It was targeted at people that were struggling," Rubio said in March. They were
retirees, single mothers and young people trying to start a business, he said.
"They were people that were hurting, and they specifically targeted them."

Rubio said last week that he's eager to help the party defeat Clinton.

While details about the business did little to slow Trump in the primary,
Clinton allies say GOP candidates were too slow in raising concerns and
inconsistent in their attacks. Clinton aides have vowed to avoid repeating those
mistakes and officials said that Wednesday marked the beginning of a concerted
campaign on the subject.

The centerpieces of the Trump-owned education organization were pricey seminars
and other offerings that promised to share his business insights. Trump
University offered a three-day seminar for $1,495, using it as a springboard to
sell more expensive "Trump Elite" packages for up to $34,995 a year.

Trump University's core customers are identified in the documents as male heads
of households between 40 and 54 years old with annual household incomes of at
least $90,000, a college education and a net worth of more than $200,000.

"If they complain about the price, remind them that Trump is the BEST!! This is
the last real estate investment they will ever need to make," a playbook read.
For those who have hit credit limits, employees are told to suggest they dip
into savings or identify other "seed capital."

The playbook declared, "Money is never a reason for not enrolling in Trump
University; if they really believe in you and your product, they will find the
money."

___

Associated Press writers David Porter in Newark, New Jersey, and Julie Bykowicz
and Jeff Horwitz in Washington contributed to this report.

___

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC, Jill Colvin at
http://twitter.com/colvinj and Jonathan Lemire at http://twitter.com/JonLemire

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      June 1, 2016 Wednesday 10:54 PM GMT

Clinton raises $27M for primary campaign in May

BYLINE: By KEN THOMAS, Associated Press

SECTION: WASHINGTON DATELINE

LENGTH: 139 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton's campaign raised more than $27 million for
her primary campaign in May and more than $13.5 million for the Democratic
National Committee and state parties.

Clinton's campaign says it enters June with more than $42 million in the bank as
it nears the end of the primaries against Democratic rival Bernie Sanders.

Clinton has raised more than $240 million during the primaries and more than $62
million for the DNC and state parties through a joint fundraising committee for
her presidential campaign.

The former secretary of state is close to clinching the Democratic nomination
and a general election matchup against Republican Donald Trump. Clinton and
Sanders are competing in California, New Jersey and four other contests on
Tuesday.

Sanders did not immediately report early fundraising details for May.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      June 1, 2016 Wednesday 10:11 PM GMT

Clinton: Donald Trump is a "fraud"

BYLINE: By LISA LERER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Hillary Clinton is calling Donald Trump a fraud, claiming he's
trying to scam Americans the way he scammed students who enrolled in his
university.

Newly released documents about the now-defunct business owned by Trump revealed
that he tried to trick people into enrolling who couldn't afford the tuition.

Clinton is seizing on those reports, saying Trump used the "fraudulent scheme"
to enrich himself on behalf of hardworking Americans.

She says, "This is just more evidence that Donald Trump himself is a fraud."

With the nomination in sight, Clinton has shifted her focus to Trump, painting
the presumptive GOP nominee as a con artist more concerned with his wealth than
the future of the country.

She was campaigning in Newark, New Jersey, ahead of that state's June 7 primary.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 7:38 PM GMT

The Latest: Stosur has been Slam champ and an afterthought

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 2954 words

DATELINE: PARIS


PARIS (AP) - The Latest on the French Open (all times local):

___

9:35 p.m.

Sam Stosur knows what it's like to be a Grand Slam champion. She also knows what
it's like to be an afterthought.

Entering Wednesday, she was four years removed from her most recent quarterfinal
appearance at any major tournament. With a 6-4, 7-6 (6) victory over Tsvetana
Pironkova of Bulgaria, the 21st-seeded Australian is back in the semifinals at
the French Open.

"You can have a great year or two, and then you have a slump, and everyone
writes you off," Stosur said. "I think even people write off Roger (Federer) and
Rafa (Nadal). If they will write them off, they will write off everyone else."

Stosur was the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2010. The next year, she won the
U.S. Open, beating Serena Williams in the final. And in 2012, she got to the
semifinals of the French Open and quarterfinals of the U.S. Open.

And then she suddenly had trouble getting to the latter stages of tennis' most
important tournaments.

But now, at 32, she is back in business.

"There has obviously been a few dips along the way there," Stosur said. "It's
important to, I guess, really believe in yourself and what you're doing and
know, 'If I keep doing this, I can turn it around.'"

She had her problems against the 102nd-ranked Pironkova. Stosur trailed 4-2,
0-40 in the first set, but erased those break points. And in the second-set
tiebreaker, Stosur was down 5-1, then faced set points at 6-4 and 6-5 but pulled
it out.

Now comes a semifinal against No. 4 Garbine Muguruza, with a second major title
ever closer.

"Yeah," Stosur said, "four of us left out of 128 - 25 percent chance of winning
at the moment."

___

9:25 p.m.

Having reached the French Open semifinals for the first time, No. 4-seeded
Garbine Muguruza will be drawing on the experience of reaching the Wimbledon
semis last year to soothe her nerves.

"There is always a little bit of stress," she said. "I have already experienced
that situation at Wimbledon, so you see things differently and you know what you
have to do."

After losing in the quarterfinals the past two years at Roland Garros, the
22-year-old Spaniard overcome that hurdle by beating American Shelby Rogers 7-5,
6-3.

Now Muguruza is focusing on clearing her mind completely before facing No.
21-seeded Samantha Stosur - who will be playing in her fourth semifinal in Paris
and reached the final in 2010.

"It's very difficult to maintain your peace of mind when you reach the semifinal
of a Grand Slam," Muguruza said. "You have to do away with the secondary
thoughts."

Speaking to the media can prove a distraction for Muguruza, who prefers to stay
out of the limelight.

"I try to isolate myself, because you have to answer lots of questions during
the interviews," she said. "I want to remain in my bubble."

___

9 p.m.

Shelby Rogers did not feel overwhelmed in her first Grand Slam quarterfinal.

The 23-year-old American lost in straight sets, yes, but the moment did not seem
like too much to take.

"It's the biggest match of my life, and it's hard not to think about that," said
Rogers, who is from South Carolina. "But I thought I handled it pretty well. You
know, I wasn't too nervous, so I did a good job in the beginning, kind of just
breathing and controlling myself."

And then she added: "Hopefully many more to come."

Rogers, who is ranked 108th, beat three seeded opponents on her way to facing
No. 4 Garbine Muguruza for a spot in the semifinals. And Rogers started well
Wednesday, breaking in the opening game en route to a 5-3 lead.

But that's when Muguruza, the 2015 Wimbledon runner-up, took over, reeling off
seven consecutive games on the way to a 7-5, 6-3 victory.

"She definitely knew what she wanted to do with the big points," Rogers said. "I
think that was the biggest thing."

Now the tour moves to grass, with Wimbledon starting June 27, and Rogers is
looking forward to that.

She said she'll stay in Europe, rather than heading home to the U.S.

That doesn't mean she won't take a bit of a break, though.

"Definitely a few days off, I think, is in order," Rogers said. "It's been a lot
on my body these last couple of weeks. And mind. But it's been a lot of fun."

___

8 p.m.

No. 21-seeded Samantha Stosur has reached the French Open semifinals for the
fourth time after beating Tsvetana Pironkova of Bulgaria 6-4, 7-6 (6).

Stosur has won all four of her quarterfinals at Roland Garros, and the
32-year-old Australian remains on track to reach her second final. She lost the
2010 final to Francesca Schiavone.

She next faces No. 4-seeded Garbine Muguruza of Spain.

Stosur was in trouble in the first set, trailing 4-2 and facing triple break
point. But she held and then broke back for 4-4.

Pironkova, a 2010 Wimbledon semifinalist whose left thigh was heavily wrapped,
led 5-1 in the second-set tiebreaker and then had two set points - but Stosur
fought back and sealed victory on her first match point.

___

7:05 p.m.

No. 4-seeded Garbine Muguruza of Spain has reached the French Open semifinals
for the first time after beating American Shelby Rogers 7-5, 6-3.

After losing in the quarterfinals the past two seasons, Muguruza's joy was
evident as she threw her racket up into the air after clinching victory with a
forehand winner on her first match point.

She next plays either No. 21-seeded Samantha Stosur of Australia, a 2010
finalist, or unseeded Tsvetana Pironkova of Bulgaria.

Rogers was playing in her first Grand Slam quarterfinal, while Muguruza is
through to the semis of a major for the second time. She reached last year's
Wimbledon final.

___

6:10 p.m.

Because of the all the rain delays, organizers have a heavy schedule to cram
everything in before the weekend's finals.

That means players in action every day, rather than getting a day off between
matches.

"It's something you just get used to. It's totally fine," top-ranked Serena
Williams said. "In Miami and Indian Wells you just play every day."

She got through to the quarterfinals on Wednesday but her older sister Venus
Williams went out in the fourth round.

Still, even at nearly 36 years old, Venus would not mind playing every day.

"Oh, back to back is fine," she said. "But two matches in one day, especially if
the rest of the draw isn't doing it, I don't think that's a good idea."

Tomas Berdych, who next plays top-ranked Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals,
spoke with an air of resignation.

"There is nothing else that you can do," he said. "We have to take it as it is."

___

5:55 p.m.

French Open organizers are defending their decision to pull Novak Djokovic and
Roberto Bautista Agut off court because of rain after 2 hours, 1 minute of play
on Tuesday, saying the timing wasn't because they didn't want to refund tickets.

On courts that see less than two hours of play, ticket holders can apply for
refunds - either in full when there is less than one hour of play or half for
between 60 minutes and 1:59.

In a statement , tournament director Guy Forget noted that "not refunding
spectators with tickets to the Philippe Chatrier Court has caused frustration
and anger."

He said tournament referee Stefan Fransson decides when to suspend or resume
matches and "respect for the game always takes precedence."

Forget added that the French Open's insurer, not the tournament itself, would
have had to foot the bill for refunds if they had been paid to Chatrier ticket
holders.

"We acted with the best of intentions," Forget said.

Holders of tickets on other courts that saw less than two hours of play can
apply for half of it back.

Djokovic won in four sets when the fourth-round match resumed Wednesday.

___

5:45 p.m.

Andy Murray overcame his own frustration as much as his French opponent and a
partisan crowd Wednesday, beating No. 9 Richard Gasquet 5-7, 7-6 (3), 6-0, 6-2
to reach his fourth semifinal at Roland Garros.

Often pointing at his temple between points, Murray would mutter to himself or
yell at members of his entourage over the nearly 3½-hour quarterfinal.

He alternated between brilliant and bad before finally seizing control by taking
the last six points of the second-set tiebreaker, then grabbing 12 of the final
14 games.

The No. 2-seeded Murray ran his winning streak to 10 matches, all on clay, and
now takes on defending champion Stan Wawrinka. Murray enters that match with an
0-3 record in French Open semifinals.

___

5:20 p.m.

Stan Wawrinka is the first player through to the French Open semifinals.

The defending men's champion beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-2, 6-1, 7-6 (7) to
become the only Swiss man other than Roger Federer to have reached the
semifinals of the clay-court major tournament multiple times. Federer, absent
this year with an aching back, has played in seven semifinals and five finals,
winning the title once, in 2009.

The third-seeded Wawrinka was never really troubled by his left-handed opponent,
who was playing his first fourth-round match at a Grand Slam.

Ramos-Vinolas had only four break points in the match on Court Suzanne Lenglen
and won just one of them, in the third set.

Wawrinka improved his career record against Ramos-Vinolas to 7-0. He will play
either Andy Murray or Richard Gasquet in the semifinals.

___

4:30 p.m.

Ernests Gulbis got some things off his chest after his fourth-round loss to
David Goffin at the French Open.

The Latvian lost 4-6, 6-2, 6-2, 6-3 Wednesday in a match that was scheduled to
start on Monday, when play was completely washed out.

Then, on Tuesday, the players came on court in the rain and came off with Goffin
leading 3-0 in the first set.

"I don't think the players should walk on court while it's raining," said
Gulbis, a semifinalist in Paris in 2014. "If it starts raining while we play,
then we keep on playing until it's playable. But to walk on with rain, I don't
think it's right.

"We had to play in Munich when it was snowing," Gulbis said. "You know, we're
not in a winter sport."

Another thing that annoyed Gulbis was Goffin's actions early in the match.

"It was strange from Goffin, when he wanted to stop after 2-0 (in the first set)
before my serve," Gulbis said. "I didn't think it was really, really correct.
You know, he can stop before his serve."

___

4:10 p.m.

Timea Bacsinszky's on-court ruthlessness at the French Open doesn't extend to
ladybugs.

The eighth-seeded Swiss, who hasn't dropped a set in her march to the
quarterfinals, has a soft-spot for the insects, regarding them as "a lucky
charm."

She posted a picture of one she spotted on a tennis ball during practice. She
says she saved another from a probable squishing at Roland Garros, guiding it
off court during one of her matches.

"Why should I step on it? I'm not saying we should be super careful about every
insect and animal, but (you) just don't need to murder a poor insect because
it's bothering you," she said after beating Venus Williams in fourth round. "You
can just push it a little bit. Like, 'Go on. Go away.' That was my feeling about
this poor ladybug."

___

3:25 p.m.

Tomas Berdych set up a French Open quarterfinal match against Novak Djokovic by
beating 2013 runner-up David Ferrer 6-3, 7-5, 6-3.

Advancing beyond the fourth round at Roland Garros for only the third time in 13
attempts, the seventh-seeded Czech player saved all nine break points he faced
in the match that was postponed Monday because of rain and started Tuesday only
to be interrupted by more rain in the first set.

Although the match lasted 2 hours, 12 minutes, Berdych said they took "almost
three days to finish this."

David Goffin is also through to the quarterfinals, completing another
rain-interrupted fourth-round match. The 12th-seeded Belgian beat Ernests Gulbis
4-6, 6-2, 6-2, 6-3.

In his first quarterfinal at a Grand Slam, Goffin will play Dominic Thiem in a
battle of upcoming younger players. Thiem is 22, Goffin 25.

___

2:45 p.m.

Dominic Thiem reached his first Grand Slam quarterfinal on Wednesday, beating
Marcel Granollers 6-2, 6-7 (2), 6-1, 6-4.

The 22-year-old Austrian's previous best at a major was making the fourth round
at the U.S. Open in 2014.

The match started Tuesday but was interrupted by rain and resumed Wednesday on
Court 2 at one-set each. Serving with three match points, the 13th-seeded Thiem
won with an angled forehand drop shot from the back of the court that Granollers
couldn't reach.

Granollers benefited from a walkover into the fourth round when nine-time French
Open champion Rafael Nadal withdrew with a left wrist injury.

___

2:25 p.m.

She has rubbed shoulders with Donald Trump, but Serena Williams seemingly won't
be voting for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee - because she
doesn't vote at all.

Adroitly sidestepping a question about Trump at the French Open, where Williams
is the defending champion, she says she is "not involved at all" in politics.

Williams, a Jehovah's witness, adds "I don't vote. It goes back to my religion."

She says she has met Trump "several times," because she lives in Palm Beach,
Florida, and he has a 17-acre estate, the Mar-a-Lago Club, there.

Williams says "everyone in Palm Beach kind of knows each other."

___

1:55 p.m.

Novak Djokovic got just what he wanted as he pursues a first French Open title,
wrapping up a rain-interrupted victory with a minimum of trouble to get to the
quarterfinals.

Aiming to win a fourth consecutive major trophy and complete a career Grand
Slam, the No. 1-seeded Djokovic needed only 71 minutes Wednesday to finish off a
3-6, 6-4, 6-1, 7-5 win against No. 14 Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain. The match
was suspended because of rain on Tuesday, with Djokovic leading 4-1 in the third
set.

He needed only seven minutes of action to claim that set when they resumed,
taking the first two games played Wednesday.

After completing the victory, Djokovic played to the crowd at Court Philippe
Chatrier, first cajoling a ball boy to join him in bowing for the spectators,
then donning a yellow rain hat handed to him by Fabrice Santoro, a former player
who conducted the post-match interview.

Because rain created a compressed schedule, Djokovic will be on court for a
third day in a row on Thursday.

___

1:30 p.m.

Unseeded Yulia Putintseva reached the quarterfinals at a major tournament for
the first time, beating 12th-seeded Carla Suarez Navarro 7-5, 7-5 Wednesday at
the French Open.

Navarro won less than half of all points on her serve, made 21 unforced errors
and was broken four times in losing the first set.

Serving for the match after breaking her Spanish opponent twice, the 60th-ranked
Putintseva had three match points after an angled backhand volley at the net.
She converted the first, when Navarro netted a backhand service return.

Putintseva has yet to lose a set in her march to the quarterfinals, and lost
only eight games in the previous rounds before her first-ever fourth-round match
at a major.

She will play defending champion Serena Williams in the quarterfinals.

___

12:40 p.m.

Venus Williams failed in her bid to reach the French Open quarterfinals for the
first time in a decade, losing to eighth-seeded Timea Bacsinszky of Switzerland
6-2, 6-4 in the fourth round Wednesday.

The ninth-seeded Williams, a seven-time major champion, started well enough,
taking a 2-0 lead, before dropping eight games in a row. She was the runner-up
to her sister Serena at Roland Garros in 2002, but her most recent trip to the
quarterfinals in Paris came in 2006.

Against Bacsinszky, Williams managed to produce only six winners, while
committing 24 unforced errors.

The match originally was supposed to be played Monday, but was postponed twice
because of rain.

Backsinszky, a semifinalist at the French Open last year, can make it back to
that stage if she beats 58th-ranked Kiki Bertens next.

___

12:35 p.m.

Kiki Bertens of the Netherlands reached her first Grand Slam quarterfinal by
beating 15th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States 7-6 (4), 6-3 at the French
Open on Wednesday.

The 58th-ranked Bertens eliminated a seeded player for the third time in the
tournament, after upsetting No. 3 Angelique Kerber, the Australian Open
champion, in the first round and No. 29 Daria Kasatkina in the third round.

___

12:20 p.m.

Wasting no time at all after waiting two days to play, Serena Williams moved
closer to her record-equaling 22nd Grand Slam title by easily reaching the
French Open quarterfinals.

The top-seeded Williams dominated from start to finish during a 6-1, 6-1 victory
over 18th-seeded Elina Svitolina of Ukraine in only 62 minutes Wednesday.

The match originally was scheduled for Monday, but showers forced cancellation
of an entire day of play at Roland Garros for the first time in 16 years. Then,
on Tuesday, more rain allowed for a total of only 2 hours of play around the
grounds, and Williams' match was postponed again.

Finally in action, in Wednesday's opening match at Court Philippe Chatrier,
Williams looked very much like a 21-time Grand Slam champion facing a
21-year-old who has only reached one major quarterfinal, losing at that stage in
Paris last year.

Williams, the defending French Open champion, is trying to match Steffi Graf's
Open-era mark of 22 major titles.

___

11:05 a.m.

After two days of almost incessant rain, the covers have come off the courts at
the French Open and the skies, while still thick with clouds, have stopped
dropping rain.

Serena and Venus Williams play first on Court Philippe Chatrier and Court
Suzanne Lenglen, respectively, in fourth-round matches carried over from Monday,
when rain washed out the whole day of play for the first time in 16 years.

Defending champion Serena plays No. 18 Elina Svitolina. Venus takes on No. 8
Timea Bacsinszky.

Because of scheduling problems, after rain continued for most of Tuesday, too,
matches are also spread on other courts. Kiki Bertens vs. No. 15 Madison Keys is
on Court 1; No. 12 Carla Suarez Navarro vs. Yulia Putintseva of Ukraine is on
Court 2.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 7:23 PM GMT

Judge in Trump University case reseals some records

BYLINE: BY LAURIE KELLMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - The judge in a class action lawsuit against Trump University
on Wednesday ordered some records that have been released to be yanked from
public view.

U.S. District Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel late Tuesday ordered some released
documents to be resealed and resubmitted with sections blacked-out. He said some
records had "mistakenly" been released Friday, when he ordered some documents
made public.

Trump University is the target of two lawsuits in San Diego and one in New York
that accuse the business of fleecing students with unfulfilled promises to teach
secrets of success in real estate.

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has maintained that customers
were overwhelmingly satisfied with the offerings.

At a rally in San Diego on Friday, he accused the judge of being "hostile" and a
"hater of Donald Trump," and raised questions about Curiel's ethnicity.

"The judge, who happens to be, we believe, Mexican, which is great, I think
that's fine," Trump said of Curiel, who was born in the U.S.

It was the second time Trump has brought up the judge's ethnicity as he
complained about his treatment.

Likely Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign leapt on the
new details contained in the unsealed documents, including the organization's
strategies for encouraging prospective students to dip into their savings or
find other means of making payments they couldn't afford.

"Money is never a reason for not enrolling in Trump University; if they really
believe in you and your product, they will find the money," a playbook reads.

Clinton contends that Trump intends to defraud the American people.

As Trump steamrolled through the GOP primary, some of his rivals raised Trump
University as a liability for the businessman and at least five different
outside groups mentioned the business in attack ads. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio
used the school in campaign speeches as part of his failed attempt to blunt the
real estate mogul's political rise.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 4:32 PM GMT

Iran minister rejects Trump vow to renegotiate nuclear deal

BYLINE: By KARL RITTER, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: STOCKHOLM


STOCKHOLM (AP) - Iran's foreign minister says the nuclear deal reached last year
with world powers can't be renegotiated despite Republican presidential
contender Donald Trump's pledge to do so if elected.

After a lecture in Stockholm on Wednesday, Mohammad Javad Zarif said the deal
"is not an Iran-U.S. agreement for the Republican front-runner or anybody else
to renegotiate. It's an international understanding annexed to a Security
Council resolution."

Trump has denounced the deal and said he'd seek to renegotiate it if elected
president. Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton has said she supports the
agreement to rein in Iran's nuclear program, which was endorsed by the U.N.
Security Council.

It's not possible "to renegotiate a text that is annexed" to such a resolution,
Zarif said.

Zarif also criticized Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir for calling
on Iran to stop intervening in Iraq.

"It's an arrogant statement and the sooner he stops making these nonsense
statements the better off we all are in order to reach an agreement," Zarif
said. "We will leave Iraq whenever Iraq asks us to leave."

Iran says its military advisers in Iraq are there at Baghdad's request to help
Iraqi forces fight Islamic State militants.

Al-Jubeir said Sunday that Iran must stop meddling in Iraq and that the presence
of Iranian military units there is "unacceptable."

Earlier Wednesday, scores of Iranians living in Sweden called for improvements
in human rights and an end to executions in Iran as Zarif met with Swedish
counterpart Margot Wallstrom in Stockholm.

Zarif told reporters every country can make improvements on human rights and
said some people "have made a business" out of portraying Iran in a negative
light.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 2:23 PM GMT

Testy Trump takes his war with the press to a new level

BYLINE: By MICHAEL BIESECKER, JILL COLVIN and STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 874 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump's heated war with the media reached new heights
as he turned the brag-worthy feat of raising $5.6 million for veterans'
charities into a sparring match with reporters pressing him on the issue.

"The press should be ashamed of themselves," a defensive Trump railed during a
Tuesday news conference at Trump Tower, called to announce a list of 41
charities that received a cut of the money he raised during a highly publicized
January fundraiser.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee had previously declined to
disclose which charities had received the $6 million he'd claimed to have
raised, and his campaign had gone back and forth about how much pledged money
had come through. The Washington Post had pressed for an accounting of the
donations, and several charities said they received checks just last week.

Throughout Tuesday's 40-minute question-and-answer session, Trump accused the
media of being "unbelievably dishonest" in their treatment of him.

"I sent people checks of a lot of money. ... And instead of being like, 'Thank
you very much, Mr. Trump,' or 'Trump did a good job,' everyone's saying: 'Who
got (the money)? Who got it? Who got it?' And you make me look very bad," he
complained. "I have never received such bad publicity for doing such a good
job."

While Trump has frequently made the media a punching bag, calling out reporters
during his signature rallies, the taunts Tuesday were intense, even for him. The
billionaire mogul interrupted his recitation of the list of groups receiving
portions of the money to complain about the way reporters had called up
charities to try to verify his contributions. He called the political press
"disgusting" and dismissed one ABC News reporter as "a sleaze."

While Trump's fundraiser, held opposite a Fox News debate he chose to boycott,
should have been a positive story for Trump, his campaign's refusal to disclose
details about the money raised became a sticking point. Trump insisted Tuesday
that "most of the money went out quite a while ago," but that didn't seem to be
the case.

The Associated Press spoke or left messages with each of the organizations Trump
named. Of the 30 groups that responded by Tuesday, about half said they had
received checks from Trump just last week.

Several said the checks were dated on or about May 24 and shipped out overnight
- the same date as a Trump interview with The Washington Post, which for weeks
had been pressing his campaign to disclose the recipients of the millions raised
during the splashy telethon-style fundraiser in Iowa.

Indeed, more than a dozen big checks were rushed out of New York early last
week, bound for veterans' charities around the country. The largest, a $1
million check dated May 24 and drawn from Trump's personal account, was
addressed to the Marine Corps-Law Enforcement Foundation, a small Tuckahoe, New
York, group that provides scholarships to the children of fallen Marines. The
foundation had presented Trump with an award at its 2015 gala held at a ritzy
New York hotel.

Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, had originally told the Post that
the Iowa event had raised about $4.5 million - less than the $6 million
originally announced by Trump - because some who'd pledged contributions had
backed out.

Appearing Tuesday on CNN, Democratic presidential front runner Hillary Clinton
said she was glad Trump had finally given out the promised money.

"The problem here is the difference between what Donald Trump says and what
Donald Trump does," Clinton said. "He's bragged for months about raising $6
million for vets and donating $1 million himself, but it took a reporter to
shame him into actually making the contribution."

Trump repeatedly insisted during the news conference that he didn't want
"credit" for the contributions. However, he hadn't appeared shy about giving
away poster-size checks at campaign events in the weeks after the fundraiser.

On Jan. 30, just before the Iowa caucuses, he gave a $100,000 check to the Puppy
Jake Foundation, which provides service dogs to wounded veterans.
Representatives from the foundation, accompanied by several service dogs,
accepted the check at the Adler Theater in Davenport, Iowa, where Trump was
being interviewed on stage.

The next day, in Council Bluffs, Trump presented another check, also for
$100,000, to Partners for Patriots, which also provides service dogs to disabled
veterans.

The public check presentations trickled off within days, though some of the
groups contacted by the AP did report receiving checks in February, March and
April.

Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks denied Tuesday that timing had anything to do with
questions from the media.

"Mr. Trump's team worked very hard to complete this lengthy process prior to
Memorial Day Weekend," she said. The campaign also said it had taken months to
carefully vet each of the groups receiving money.

Trump, who has refused calls to moderate his tone and temperament, also said he
has no plans to change his tone with the press if he's elected to the White
House.

"Yeah, it is going to be like this," he said of potential future news
conferences led by a President Trump.

___

Associated Press writer Jonathan Lemire in New York contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 1:54 PM GMT

Trump to travel to Scotland for golf course opening

BYLINE: By JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump is heading to Britain later this month for the
ceremonial opening of his Turnberry golf complex in Scotland following an
extensive, multimillion dollar revamp, his campaign said Wednesday.

The presumptive Republican presidential nominee's June 24 visit will come on the
heels of a British referendum over its membership in the European Union. Trump
has previously said Britain would be "better off" without the EU, putting him at
odds with Prime Minister David Cameron, who is pushing to stay in the 28-country
bloc.

It's unclear whether Trump will meet with Cameron or other British officials
while overseas. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said a schedule would be released
close to the visit.

Cameron has previously said that while British prime ministers do traditionally
meet with U.S. presidential nominees if they visit the UK, he had no confirmed
plans to meet with Trump. His office said Wednesday that it had no additional
updates regarding a meeting with the businessman-turned-politician.

Cameron has been critical of Trump's call for temporarily banning Muslims from
entering the United States because of terror concerns, calling the proposal
"wrong and divisive." Trump responded by saying it appeared he was "not going to
have a very good relationship" with Cameron if he's elected president, though he
later tried to walk back those comments.

While presidential nominees often travel overseas to bolster their foreign
policy credentials in the general election, Trump has been dismissive of such
trips, saying he doesn't believe they register with voters. But he has expressed
interest in attending the opening of his Scottish golf resort.

Turnberry, which is located on the western coast of Scotland and south of
Glasgow, has hosted several British Open tournaments. The property reopened to
guests Wednesday following the $290 million renovation.

Trump has extensive golf course holdings in several countries. He has described
Turnberry as "one of the great resorts of the world."

_

AP writers Jill Lawless in London and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to
this report.

_

Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 1:11 PM GMT

Serena Williams won't vote, for Trump or anyone else

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 105 words

DATELINE: PARIS


PARIS (AP) - She has rubbed shoulders with Donald Trump, but Serena Williams
seemingly won't be voting for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee -
because she doesn't vote at all.

Adroitly sidestepping a question about Trump at the French Open, where Williams
is the defending champion, she says she is "not involved at all" in politics.

Williams, a Jehovah's witness, adds "I don't vote. It goes back to my religion."

She says she has met Trump "several times," because she lives in Palm Beach,
Florida, and he has a 17-acre estate, the Mar-a-Lago Club, there.

Williams says "everyone in Palm Beach kind of knows each other."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 1:10 PM GMT

Trump plans to attend re-opening of Scottish golf course

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 131 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON (AP) - Donald Trump is planning to attend the ceremonial opening of his
Turnberry golf complex in Scotland following an extensive revamp.

The Republican presidential contender said in a statement Wednesday that he's
looking forward to attending the official opening on June 24 following the 200
million-pound ($290 million) renovation.

He will be coming the day after British voters decide in a referendum whether to
stay or leave the 28-country European Union.

Turnberry, which is located on the western coast of Scotland and south of
Glasgow, has hosted several British Open tournaments. It reopened to guests
Wednesday following the works' completion.

Trump has extensive golf course holdings in several countries. He has described
Turnberry as "one of the great resorts of the world."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      June 1, 2016 Wednesday 12:22 PM GMT

10 Things to Know for Today

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; 10 Things to Know

LENGTH: 368 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about today:

1. SIGNALS REPORTEDLY PICKED UP FROM DOOMED EGYPTAIR PLANE'S BLACK BOXES

The development raises hopes the aircraft's flight data and cockpit voice
recorders could be retrieved and shed light on the tragic crash.

2. STARK WARNING ISSUED ON FALLUJAH FIGHTING

The U.N. children's fund cautions Iraqi troops and militants battling in the
Islamic State stronghold to spare the children, the most vulnerable of the tens
of thousands of civilians trapped by war.

3. TRUMP'S WAR: THE MEDIA

The presumptive GOP presidential nominee's heated exchange with the media
reaches new heights as he turns the feat of raising $5.6 million for veterans'
charities into a sparring match with reporters.

4. WHY SYRIAN REFUGEES CAN'T GO HOME

Hundreds or more Syrian refugees who want to go home are finding themselves
stuck in Europe, in part because Germany will not send refugees back to a war
zone.

5. WHERE A GIANT RETAILER IS THRIVING

As Wal-Mart tries to build an international juggernaut, it has had no greater
success than in Chile, where even its failures show a commitment to adapting
quickly to local shopping habits.

6. POLL: GERIATRIC CARE NOT PLANNED FOR

Demand for long-term care is expected to increase, but the majority of Americans
40 and older lack confidence in their ability to pay for it, an AP-NORC Center
for Public Affairs Research survey finds.

7. OBAMA TO TAKE VICTORY LAP IN HOOSIER COUNTRY

The president returns to Indiana where seven years ago he predicted economic
recovery, this time seeking credit for policies that Democrats are rallying
behind as they work to elect his replacement.

8. WHAT UK CAN LEARN FROM NORWAY

Ahead of a June 23 referendum on whether to quit the European Union, Britons are
looking to oil-rich Norway for clues on what life could be like outside the
bloc.

9. PIONEERING GORILLA EXHIBIT NOW COMMON

The Cincinnati Zoo has an open viewing area that was among the first of its kind
and is now a mainstay in many zoos around the country.

10. CAVS-WARRIORS MARKS 14TH REMATCH IN NBA FINALS

And that's good news for Cleveland as six of the last seven teams coming off a
Finals loss won the sequel.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 8:32 AM GMT

North Korea's media praise Trump talk about US troops

BYLINE: By ERIC TALMADGE, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 625 words

DATELINE: TOKYO


TOKYO (AP) - Donald Trump appears to be finding some friends in North Korea.

The presumptive U.S. Republican presidential nominee has been getting good press
this week in the North's carefully controlled media, first in an opinion piece
that praised him as "wise" and full of foresight and then Wednesday in the
official mouthpiece of the ruling Worker's Party itself.

Both articles noted how his suggestions he would be willing to meet leader Kim
Jong Un and wants to rethink and possibly withdraw U.S. troops from South Korea
have created a "Trump Shock" in Seoul.

The state-run DPRK Today in Pyongyang started off the Trump praise on Tuesday by
juxtaposing the "wise" Trump with what it called "dull Hillary" - describing
leading Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton by only her first name.

"The presidential candidate who U.S. citizens should vote for is not dull
Hillary, who says she would pursue an 'Iran-type model' to solve the Korean
Peninsula's nuclear problems, but Trump, who said he would solve problems by
directly talking with North Korea," said the column attributed to a "China-based
scholar."

In the lengthy column, Trump is described as a "wise politician and presidential
candidate with foresight" for his comments about the U.S. potentially
withdrawing its troops from South Korea if Seoul doesn't bear the costs. It also
noted his public willingness to directly talk with the North Korean leadership
if he becomes president.

Trump told The New York Times in March that South Korea and Japan should pay
much more for the U.S. troops based in their countries - about 28,000 in South
Korea and around 50,000 in Japan. In a more recent interview with the Reuters
news agency, Trump said he was willing to meet with Kim.

"I would speak to him, I would have no problem speaking to him," he said.

The removal of U.S. troops from the Korean Peninsula and direct talks with a
U.S. president dovetail nicely with objectives Pyongyang has held for years -
though undoubtedly for different reasons than the American real estate magnate.

The North wants the U.S. troops to leave because it sees them as a direct threat
to the regime's security and has long wanted talks with Washington, ostensibly
toward a peace treaty to end the 1950-53 Korean War, that would boost its
international status and acknowledge that North Korea is a nuclear state.

"There are many 'positive aspects' to take away from Trump's 'inflammatory
campaign promises,'" the writer says in the DPRK Today column, pointing out
Trump's indications that Seoul should pay "100 percent" of the cost for the
American troops stationed in the South and, if not, Washington should pull them
out.

"Yes, go away, now!" it says. "Who knew that the 'Yankee Go Home' slogan we
shouted so enthusiastically could come true so easily like this? The day that
the 'Yankee Go Home' slogan becomes reality would be the day of unification."

The Korean War that solidified the division of North and South Korea ended in an
armistice, not a full peace treaty.

The DPRK Today website is considered to be a propaganda outlet aimed at readers
outside the North, though its position within the government is not clear.

While not as colorful or overtly supportive as the DPRK Today column, the ruling
party's official Rodong Sinmun editorial said the emergence of Trump is causing
anxiety in South Korea because of his comments about the potential U.S. troop
withdrawal.

It said the South Korean government should stop living as a servant of foreign
forces and come back to the side of the Korean nation, but didn't comment
directly on Trump as a candidate.

___

AP writer Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul contributed to this report. Talmadge is the
AP's Pyongyang bureau chief. Follow him on Instagram at @erictalmadge

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 7:25 AM GMT

NYC scrutinizing Trump campaign's use of Trump Tower atrium

BYLINE: By JAKE PEARSON, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - Donald Trump's frequent campaign events in Trump Tower are
attracting scrutiny from New York City officials who want to know whether he is
abiding by rules requiring the building's atrium to be open to the public.

The landmark tower's grand marble lobby is supposed to be open to visitors from
8 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily under an agreement that Trump struck with the city back
in the late 1970s in return for the right to make the tower bigger.

City inspectors are examining whether people were barred from the space Tuesday
for a Trump news conference, one of many campaign events the Republican has held
in the atrium since announcing his campaign for the presidency there last June.

"We'll investigate whether the space was closed," said Buildings Department
spokesman Joe Soldevere.

An executive and lawyer for the Trump Organization, Michael Cohen, insisted the
atrium remained open.

"The property was never closed and I dispute any reports from anybody stating
otherwise," he said.

An Associated Press reporter observed only credentialed media and building
employees permitted to enter after being screened by U.S. Secret Service agents
Tuesday as onlookers peered into the building from Fifth Avenue.

Trump has marked several of the biggest moments of his campaign in Trump Tower.
He held celebratory news conferences in the skyscraper's atrium following his
victories in the New York primary on April 19, multistate primaries on April 26
and the Indiana primary on May 3.

As one of a handful of privately owned public spaces in the city, the Trump
Tower atrium can only be closed by the building owners for private events four
times a year, city officials said, and only with the city's permission.

The city's planning and buildings departments told The Associated Press they
could find no record in the past two years of Trump Organization officials
seeking prior authorization to use the space for a private event.

Cohen wouldn't address previous use of the atrium for campaign events.

This isn't the first time city officials have confronted Trump over use of the
public atrium. He was fined $4,000 in 2015 and $2,500 in 2006 for installing
kiosks selling merchandise in the space.

Tourist David Miller, 38, of Columbus, Ohio, said he was disappointed he wasn't
able to make it in to hear the presumptive Republican presidential nominee
address his charitable giving to veterans' groups in a contentious news
conference.

"I had really hoped to get inside and take a look and I may not be able to now,"
Miller said.

___

Associated Press writer Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 7:02 AM GMT

Quotations in the News

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; Quotes in the News

LENGTH: 158 words


"Instead of being like, 'Thank you very much, Mr. Trump,' or 'Trump did a good
job,' everyone's saying: 'Who got it? Who got it? Who got it?' And you make me
look very bad. I have never received such bad publicity for doing such a good
job." - Donald Trump, who scolded reporters for pressing the issue as to when he
would make good on donations to veterans' charities.

___

"The children were crying and the women. At this point I only tried to pray.
Everybody was trying to take the water out of the boat." - Habtom Tekle, a
27-year-old Eritrean, who survived the treacherous Mediterranean Sea crossing
from Libya to Italy that claimed the lives of at least 1,083 migrants over the
past week.

___

"I'll bet my life on this, that child would not be here today." - Jack Hanna,
host of "Jack Hanna's Into the Wild," who told WBNS-TV that the Cincinnati Zoo
made the right call by shooting a gorilla to death after a 3-year-old boy fell
into its enclosure.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 5:10 AM GMT

Documents show aggressive sales tactics at Trump University

BYLINE: By ELLIOT SPAGAT, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 855 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


SAN DIEGO (AP) - Trump University gave employees detailed instructions on how to
entice people to enroll in its real estate seminars, from targeting people
making at least $90,000 a year and choosing words of flattery that are most
persuasive to picking music for the gatherings - The O'Jays' "For the Love of
Money."

The "playbooks" for the now-defunct business owned by Donald Trump, the
presumptive Republican nominee for president, were unsealed Tuesday in a
class-action lawsuit by customers who say they were defrauded. Last Friday, a
judge who has earned Trump's scorn sided with attorneys for The Washington Post
who argued that the public had a right to know what was previously confidential.

The documents outline how employees should guide customers through "the roller
coaster of emotions" once they have expressed interest.

"The motivation that they experienced can die quickly as the realities of their
daily lives take over. It is our job to rekindle that motivation ... to make
them once again see the potential of achieving their dream," according to a
"sales playbook."

A 2009 playbook quotes a Yale University study that found the most persuasive
words in the English language are: you, new, money, easy, discovery, free,
results, health, save, proven, guarantee and love.

"They share three characteristics: they are simple, familiar and dramatic."

"The words 'I noticed' have a powerful subconscious effect on people because
they send a subliminal message to them that they stood out in the crowd, that
they are attractive or charismatic or that they impressed you," the playbook
continues. "People love recognition and attention."

Trump University offered a three-day seminar for $1,495, using it as a
springboard to sell more expensive "Trump Elite" packages for up to $34,995 a
year.

"You don't sell products, benefits or solutions - you sell feelings," according
to the sales playbook.

Trump University's core customers are identified in the documents as male heads
of households between 40 and 54 years old with annual household incomes of at
least $90,000, a college education and a net worth of more than $200,000.

One way to identify buyers is to ask what they do for a living. "Let them know
that you've found an answer and a way for them to change their lifestyles."

During one-on-one conversations, "you may begin with some small-talk to
establish rapport but do not let them take control of the conversation," a
playbook reads. "You must be very aggressive during these conversations to in
order to push them out of their comfort zones."

"If they complain about the price, remind them that Trump is the BEST!! This is
the last real estate investment they will ever need to make."

For those who have hit credit limits, employees are told to suggest they dip
into savings or identify other "seed capital."

"Money is never a reason for not enrolling in Trump University; if they really
believe in you and your product, they will find the money," a playbook reads.

Trump University is the target of two lawsuits in San Diego and one in New York
that accuse the business of fleecing students with unfulfilled promises to teach
secrets of success in real estate. Plaintiffs contend that Trump University gave
seminars and classes across the country that were like infomercials, constantly
pressuring customers to buy more and, in the end, failing to deliver.

Trump has maintained that customers were overwhelmingly satisfied with the
offerings - a point that his attorneys repeated after the documents were
unsealed. The documents included testimony from several satisfied customers.

"Much of the unsealed evidence, including declarations and surveys from former
Trump University students, demonstrates the high level of satisfaction from
students and that Trump University taught valuable real estate information,"
said Jill Martin, vice president and assistant general counsel for The Trump
Organization. "Trump University looks forward to using this evidence, along with
much more, to win when the case is brought before a jury."

The documents show meticulous attention to details such as seating at seminars.
Room temperature should be set no higher than 68 degrees, and music should be
The O'Jays' "For the Love of Money" - which Trump also used on his reality TV
show "The Apprentice."

Employees are told to avoid speaking with the news media.

"Reporters are rarely on your side and they are not sympathetic," a 2010
playbook reads.

The 6-year-old case in San Diego is scheduled to go to trial shortly after the
November presidential election.

Trump has railed against U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who ordered the
documents unsealed. At a rally in San Diego on Friday, he accused the judge of
being "hostile" and a "hater of Donald Trump," and raised questions about his
ethnicity.

"The judge, who happens to be, we believe, Mexican, which is great, I think
that's fine," Trump said of Curiel, who was born in the U.S.

It was the second time Trump has brought up the judge's ethnicity as he
complained about his treatment.

___

Associated Press writers Jeff Horwitz and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 3:04 AM GMT

AP News in Brief at 11:04 p.m. EDT

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS; The World Briefly

LENGTH: 2213 words


Big Trump checks to vets groups sent on day of media report

NEW YORK (AP) - More than a dozen big checks flowed out of New York last week,
bound for veterans' charities from Donald Trump. On Tuesday, he announced he had
made good on his promise of last January to give the groups millions of dollars
from a highly publicized fundraiser.

The announcement by the presumptive Republican presidential candidate came in
the midst of a 40-minute rant against "dishonest" and "sleazy" reporters who
have been pressing the issue.

The largest donation, a $1 million check dated May 24 and drawn from Donald J.
Trump's personal account, was addressed to a small Tuckahoe, New York, group
that provides scholarships to the children of fallen Marines.

Trump had been interviewed that same day by The Washington Post, which for weeks
had been raising questions about where the promised money was, urging him to
disclose recipients of the millions raised during a splashy telethon-style
fundraiser he held in Iowa in January in place of a Fox debate he was
boycotting.

At a news conference Tuesday, Trump released a list of 41 groups he said had
received $5.6 million.

___

Clinton scores prized endorsement from Gov. Jerry Brown

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Hillary Clinton landed a coveted endorsement from California
Gov. Jerry Brown Tuesday, patching up a strained relationship between the two
Democrats as she seeks to deliver a final blow to Bernie Sanders' campaign.

Clinton heads into California and the other end-of-the-line primaries June 7
with the Democratic nomination virtually locked up - she needs just 71 delegates
to reach the required threshold at the party's summer convention in
Philadelphia. But Sanders is staging boisterous rallies across the state and
running TV ads in hopes of delivering an upset that he says would strengthen his
claim to the nomination, despite the numbers.

While Clinton's campaign has been looking to California as the triumphant
conclusion to her primary run, her lead appears to have vanished in recent days.
Polling last week showed a race that's nearly tied.

Clinton is still expected to lock up the nomination before the polls close in
the Golden State, but a loss in California would amount to a deeply symbolic
wound in a state she carried in the 2008 presidential primary against then-Sen.
Barack Obama. It would also encourage Sanders to make good on his promise to
remain in the race until the party convention in July, hampering Clinton's
ability to unify her party and sending her limping into the general election.

While the state has a pronounced Democratic tilt, a Clinton defeat could also
embolden Republicans who would love to see her have to defend ground in a state
that hasn't sided with a Republican presidential candidate since 1988.

___

10 Things to Know-Wednesday

Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. TRUMP RELEASES LIST OF VETERANS GROUPS THAT GOT DONATIONS, RANTS AGAINST
MEDIA

Several of the checks were dated May 24, the same date of Trump's interview with
The Washington Post, which had raised questions about where the promised money
was.

2. WHAT AMERICANS THINK ABOUT THE WAY PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES ARE CHOSEN

An AP-NORC polls finds that many have little faith in either the Democratic or
Republican nomination system, and oppose the superdelegates who have a
substantial say in the Democratic race.

___

Amid heavy clashes in Fallujah, fears rise for civilians

CAMP TARIQ, Iraq (AP) - As Iraqi forces pressed an offensive Tuesday to dislodge
Islamic State militants from Fallujah, conditions are worsening for tens of
thousands of civilians trapped in the city, and a leading aid group raised alarm
over an unfolding "human catastrophe."

IS fighters launched a fierce counterattack on the southern edge of the city,
slowing the progress of the elite Iraqi counterterrorism troops, and the
militants reportedly corralled civilians into a single neighborhood for use as
human shields.

With an estimated 50,000 civilians still inside Fallujah, humanitarian groups
renewed calls on both sides to open safe corridors for noncombatants to flee -
an action that seems unlikely because it would require negotiations between IS
and the Iraqi forces to agree on a cessation of hostilities. In addition, Iraqi
authorities want to prevent IS fighters from escaping the city by melting into
the fleeing civilian population.

Iraqi forces repelled the four-hour counterattack a day after entering the
southern part of Fallujah with the help of U.S.-led airstrikes. The dawn attack
unfolded in the Nuaimiya area, most of which was captured by Iraqi troops on
Monday, two special forces officers told The Associated Press. They spoke on
condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release the
information.

IS militants used tunnels and snipers, and targeted Iraqi forces with six
explosives-laden cars that were destroyed before they reached their targets, the
officers said. Iraqi forces suffered casualties, but no details were given.

___

Mediterranean Sea disasters leave more than 1,000 dead

GENEVA (AP) - The treacherous Mediterranean Sea crossing from Libya to Italy
claimed the lives of at least 1,083 migrants over the past week - mostly because
barely seaworthy smuggling boats foundered and sank despite calm seas and sunny
skies, a migration agency said Tuesday, citing new accounts from survivors.

The staggering death toll could foreshadow more disasters in coming months as
the region gears up for the traditional summer-fall spike in human trafficking
as the weather improves and seas grow warmer. Aid officials say it also suggests
that Libyan smuggling gangs are using even riskier tactics to profit from the
torrent of people desperate to reach the safety and economic promise of Europe.

Making matters worse, the tally is only from the capsizings or shipwrecks known
to authorities, who acknowledge they don't have precise information on how many
people are being jammed into unsuitable vessels and swallowed up by the vast
waters of the southern Mediterranean.

Two Eritreans among the hundreds of shipwreck survivors brought to Italian ports
last week described being haunted by the number of women and children on their
capsized boat who did not survive. They could still hear the cries of the
children as the ship sank Thursday, they said.

"I started to cry when I saw the situation and when I found the ship without an
engine. There were many women and children," said 21-year-old Filmon Selomon who
plunged into the sea to save himself. "Water was coming in from everywhere, top,
bottom."

___

Police investigate parents of boy rescued from gorilla

CINCINNATI (AP) - Police said Tuesday they are investigating the parents of the
3-year-old boy who fell into a gorilla enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo and had
to be rescued by a team that shot the 400-pound animal to death.

Authorities said the investigation will look at the parents' actions leading up
to the incident - not the operation of the zoo, which is overseen by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Police will then confer with prosecutors over whether
charges should be filed, Hamilton County Prosecutor Joe Deters said.

The incident has triggered a furor online, with some saying the boy's mother
should be charged with child endangering, while others want the zoo held
responsible for the animal's death.

Separately, USDA said it will investigate Saturday's incident for any violations
of the Animal Welfare Act.

Zoo authorities said the unidentified boy climbed over a 3-foot-high railing,
walked through bushes and plunged about 15 feet into a shallow moat. The zoo's
dangerous-animal response team killed the gorilla as it dragged the boy through
the water, authorities said. The boy had only minor scrapes on his head and
knee, according to police.

___

Scientists say Flint water quality OK for bathing, showering

Municipal water in Flint, Michigan, has improved significantly and is suitable
for personal cleanliness uses, scientists said Tuesday in a bid to calm fears
raised by actor Mark Ruffalo and others who have questioned the safety of the
supply that flows into the city's bathtubs and showers.

Marc Edwards, a Virginia Tech engineering professor whose testing last summer
confirmed the lead contamination of Flint's water, said sampling in recent
months has found that lead levels are steadily declining, although they remain
too high for people to drink from the tap without a filter. Also trending
downward are bacteria that can cause Legionnaires' disease, while byproducts
from disinfectant chemicals are at normal levels, he and other specialists said.

"We're seeing some very, very encouraging results," Edwards said at a news
conference in Flint, adding that he was "pretty hopeful" the water would meet
federal standards for lead content within the next six months.

The upbeat assessment contrasted with a grim portrayal by Ruffalo and Water
Defense, an organization he founded, which said in February its testing had
turned up lead and dangerous chemicals in sinks, tubs, showers and water
heaters. Ruffalo, who starred in the Oscar-winning film "Spotlight," has
continued sounding the alarm, while Edwards has accused him of fearmongering
based on flawed testing that has frightened some people into forgoing basic
hygiene.

"Many parents were deciding not to allow their children to take baths or shower
or even wash their hands, they were so afraid," Edwards said in a phone
interview.

___

Wanted Taiwanese fugitive dies in car accident in California

LOS ANGELES (AP) - A former tycoon who was one of Taiwan's most wanted fugitives
was in the middle of a decade-long fight to stay in the United States when he
was killed in a California car accident, federal court records show.

Wang You-theng was ordered removed from the U.S. last year after spending nearly
a decade in Southern California. The 89-year-old Wang filed an appeal of that
order in December and was waiting to argue his case before the 9th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals in San Francisco.

Wang was killed in a Friday morning crash on a highway in West Covina,
California, about an hour outside Los Angeles, according to Taiwan's foreign
ministry. His wife had burns to her left shoulder and arm but was stable,
according to California Highway Patrol.

Wang was a passenger in one of five cars involved in the crash on the busy
freeway. The car Wang was in, driven by his wife, was one of three to catch fire
in the wreck, believed to be caused by a pickup that sideswiped one car before
rear-ending another and causing a chain reaction, according to California
Highway Patrol.

Wang founded Rebar in 1959 to build steel beams and made a fortune from the
business. But when Rebar sank into financial difficulties in 2006, Wang fled
Taiwan and eventually arrived in the United States.

___

After San Bernardino, crisis counselor faces her own grief

LOS ANGELES (AP) - Crisis counselor Mandy Pifer has spent the last six years
comforting people in the aftermath of death, including a woman whose sister
killed herself with an electric chainsaw and an 8-year-old girl who found her
mother shot to death on their couch.

But nearly six months ago, it was Pifer herself who was plunged deep into grief
when her boyfriend was among 14 people killed in the San Bernardino attack. She
left counseling to mourn, retreating into her Koreatown apartment filled with
the couple's photographs.

Last week, she drove to the Los Angeles Police Department to meet with
crisis-team colleagues, many of whom she had not seen since the December
shooting. She wanted to return to work, but she also wondered: Was she ready to
go back behind the yellow tape?

___

Pifer was one year out of a long-term relationship when she decided to try
online dating. Shannon Johnson's profile picture immediately attracted her. He
had a warm smile and his orange tabby, Jerry, peeked over one shoulder.

___

Already hurting for doctors, Louisiana could lose even more

BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) - Bahnsen Miller understands the challenges - and the
damages - of Louisiana's budget woes firsthand. You can't ignore them if you've
been in one of the state's doctor training programs, constantly at risk of
calamity.

The 31-year-old internal medicine doctor ran into questions about financial
stability and watched Louisiana lose top talent to its neighbors as he recruited
people to train at Our Lady of the Lake Regional Medical Center in the state's
capital. The general surgery program lost applicants who went out of state
because of the uncertainty, he said.

"Most residents stay in the state where they train, so if we lose a student,
say, to Mississippi or Alabama for residency, there's a good chance they're not
going to come back to Louisiana," said Miller, one of the hospital's chief
residents last year.

Louisiana's deep, persistent budget troubles are endangering the future of
medical training programs. Proposed cuts to hospitals could damage the stream of
new doctors for a generation, in a state that has chronic shortages of health
care workers and some of the worst health care outcomes in the nation.

And just the chatter about the financial threats is already having ripple
effects, with other states' doctor-training programs cherry-picking some of
Louisiana's top talent.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NewsBrief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 1:21 AM GMT

Big Trump checks to vets groups sent on day of media report

BYLINE: By MICHAEL BIESECKER, JILL COLVIN and STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 919 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (AP) - More than a dozen big checks flowed out of New York last week,
bound for veterans' charities from Donald Trump. On Tuesday, he announced he had
made good on his promise of last January to give the groups millions of dollars
from a highly publicized fundraiser.

The announcement by the presumptive Republican presidential candidate came in
the midst of a 40-minute rant against "dishonest" and "sleazy" reporters who
have been pressing the issue.

The largest donation, a $1 million check dated May 24 and drawn from Donald J.
Trump's personal account, was addressed to a small Tuckahoe, New York, group
that provides scholarships to the children of fallen Marines.

Trump had been interviewed that same day by The Washington Post, which for weeks
had been raising questions about where the promised money was, urging him to
disclose recipients of the millions raised during a splashy telethon-style
fundraiser he held in Iowa in January in place of a Fox debate he was
boycotting.

At a news conference Tuesday, Trump released a list of 41 groups he said had
received $5.6 million.

"Most of the money went out quite a while ago," Trump said. "Some of it went out
more recently. But all of this has gone out."

Throughout Tuesday's confrontational event, Trump repeatedly slammed the media
as "unbelievably dishonest" for its treatment of the issue and dismissed an ABC
reporter as "a sleaze." He said many times that he didn't want credit for the
fundraising but seemed peeved that he wasn't thanked for it.

"Instead of being like, 'Thank you very much, Mr. Trump,' or 'Trump did a good
job,' everyone's saying: 'Who got it? Who got it? Who got it?' And you make me
look very bad," Trump complained, taking on reporters in the room. "I have never
received such bad publicity for doing such a good job."

The Associated Press spoke or left messages with each of the organizations Trump
named. Of the 30 groups that responded by Tuesday, about half said they had
received checks from Trump just last week.

Several said the checks were dated on or about May 24 - the date as Trump's
interview with the Post - and shipped out overnight.

Among them was the big check from Trump himself, written to the Marine Corps-Law
Enforcement Foundation. Trump's campaign had previously told the newspaper that
his promised $1 million personal donation had already been distributed.

Though the foundation had received a $100,000 check from Trump's charity in
March, last week's $1 million donation came as something of a surprise.

"It is obviously a wonderful donation," said Sue Boulhosa, the group's executive
director and sole employee. She said the group had "an inkling" that more might
come but the amount was a happy surprise.

Trump has a longstanding relationship with the group, which Boulhosa said
typically raises a total of between $2 million and $3 million a year. The
foundation had presented Trump with an award at its 2015 gala held at a New York
hotel.

Appearing on CNN Tuesday, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton
said she was glad Trump had given out the promised money.

"The problem here is the difference between what Donald Trump says and what
Donald Trump does," Clinton said. "He's bragged for months about raising $6
million for vets and donating $1 million himself, but it took a reporter to
shame him into actually making the contribution."

Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski had originally told the Post that the
event had raised about $4.5 million - less than the $6 million originally
announced by Trump - because some who'd pledged had backed out. Lewandowski also
said all the money had been given out.

Trump had claimed during the fundraiser that he'd raised $6 million through a
combination of pledges from wealthy friends, the public and $1 million from
himself.

But the campaign refused for months to disclose which charities had received the
money, leading to questions about whether the money raised was less than he had
said.

"It was very unfair that the press treated us so badly," Trump complained
Tuesday.

He suggested he had hoped to keep the donations private. However, Trump hadn't
appeared shy about giving away poster-sized checks at campaign events in the
weeks after the fundraiser.

On Jan. 30, just before the campaign's leadoff caucuses in Iowa, he gave a
$100,000 check to the Puppy Jake Foundation, which provides service dogs to
wounded veterans. Representatives from the foundation, accompanied by several
service dogs, accepted the check at the Adler Theater in Davenport, Iowa, where
Trump was being interviewed on stage by Jerry Falwell Jr.

The next day, in Council Bluffs, Trump presented another check, also for
$100,000, to Partners for Patriots, which also provides service dogs to disabled
veterans.

The public presentations trickled off within days, though some of the groups
contacted by the AP did report receiving checks in February, March and April.

But the biggest batch appeared to have gone out around May 24, with several of
the groups saying they had no contact with the Trump organization before that.

Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks denied Tuesday that timing had anything to do with
questions from the media.

"Mr. Trump's team worked very hard to complete this lengthy process prior to
Memorial Day Weekend," she said. The campaign also said it had taken months to
carefully vet each of the groups receiving money.

___

Associated Press writer Jonathan Lemire contributed from New York.

___

Follow Michael Biesecker on Twitter at https://twitter.com/mbieseck

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 1:12 AM GMT

10 Things to Know-Wednesday

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will
be talked about Wednesday:

1. TRUMP RELEASES LIST OF VETERANS GROUPS THAT GOT DONATIONS, RANTS AGAINST
MEDIA

Several of the checks were dated May 24, the same date of Trump's interview with
The Washington Post, which had raised questions about where the promised money
was.

2. WHAT AMERICANS THINK ABOUT THE WAY PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES ARE CHOSEN

An AP-NORC polls finds that many have little faith in either the Democratic or
Republican nomination system, and oppose the superdelegates who have a
substantial say in the Democratic race.

3. FEARS RISE FOR TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CIVILIANS TRAPPED IN FALLUJAH

Iraqi forces are pressing an offensive to dislodge Islamic State militants from
the city, where an aid group warns a "human catastrophe" is unfolding.

4. CLINTON LANDS COVETED ENDORSEMENT FROM CALIFORNIA GOV. JERRY BROWN

The endorsement comes a week before the California primary, where Bernie Sanders
hopes to score an upset victory.

5. POLICE INVESTIGATE PARENTS OF BOY RESCUED FROM GORILLA

Authorities said the investigation will look at the parents' actions - not the
operation of the zoo, which is overseen by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

6. HOW WAL-MART IS TRYING TO GROW OVERSEAS AND WIN OVER PRIZED CHINA

The company has to shed some of its American ways and cater to very different
customs, like letting customers in China sift through piles of fish.

7. MORE THAN 1,000 MIGRANTS DIE IN PAST WEEK TRYING TO CROSS THE MEDITERRANIAN

The staggering death toll could foreshadow more disasters in coming months as
the region gears up for the traditional summer-fall spike in human trafficking.

8. RESIDENTS FLEE AS SWOLLEN RIVER FEEDS FLOODING NEAR HOUSTON

More rain expected later this week could keep the Brazos River in major flood
stage into the weekend.

9. WHY HOVERBOARD MANUFACTUERS WANT A SECOND CHANCE

Segway will begin taking pre-orders for a new hoverboard called the MiniPro,
which along with other new powered scooters, have passed new safety standards
designed to prevent fires.

10. DREW PETERSON FOUND GUILTY OF TRYING TO HIRE SOMEONE TO KILL PROSECUTOR

The ex-suburban Chicago police officer was convicted of trying to hire a fellow
inmate's uncle while in prison to kill the prosecutor who helped convict him in
his ex-wife's slaying.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                      June 1, 2016 Wednesday 12:24 AM GMT

Clinton scores prized endorsement from Gov. Jerry Brown

BYLINE: By MICHAEL R. BLOOD and LISA LERER, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 741 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES (AP) - Hillary Clinton landed a coveted endorsement from California
Gov. Jerry Brown Tuesday, patching up a strained relationship between the two
Democrats as she seeks to deliver a final blow to Bernie Sanders' campaign.

Clinton heads into California and the other end-of-the-line primaries June 7
with the Democratic nomination virtually locked up - she needs just 71 delegates
to reach the required threshold at the party's summer convention in
Philadelphia. But Sanders is staging boisterous rallies across the state and
running TV ads in hopes of delivering an upset that he says would strengthen his
claim to the nomination, despite the numbers.

While Clinton's campaign has been looking to California as the triumphant
conclusion to her primary run, her lead appears to have vanished in recent days.
Polling last week showed a race that's nearly tied.

Clinton is still expected to lock up the nomination before the polls close in
the Golden State, but a loss in California would amount to a deeply symbolic
wound in a state she carried in the 2008 presidential primary against then-Sen.
Barack Obama. It would also encourage Sanders to make good on his promise to
remain in the race until the party convention in July, hampering Clinton's
ability to unify her party and sending her limping into the general election.

While the state has a pronounced Democratic tilt, a Clinton defeat could also
embolden Republicans who would love to see her have to defend ground in a state
that hasn't sided with a Republican presidential candidate since 1988.

At this point, Clinton is eager to devote her time and money to the campaign
against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. But the unexpectedly tough
race in California, and her determination to win it, is highlighted in her
upcoming schedule - starting Thursday, she's planning events for five
consecutive days. She's also running a series of ads targeting black, Latino and
Asian-Americans in the state, spending cash she'd hoped to conserve for spots
going after Trump.

"I'm feeling very positive about my campaign in California," Clinton said in an
interview with MSNBC on Tuesday. "We are working really hard. I want to cover as
much of the state as I possibly can."

With Brown's blessing, Clinton has the support of virtually every major Democrat
in California.

In a written statement, the governor stopped just short of saying Sanders should
step aside. Instead, he called Clinton's lead "insurmountable," pointed out she
had amassed about 3 million more votes than Sanders and argued it was urgent for
Democrats to begin focusing solely on Trump.

He said Clinton "has convincingly made the case that she knows how to get things
done and has the tenacity and skill to advance the Democratic agenda.

"This is no time for Democrats to keep fighting each other," Brown wrote. "The
general election has already begun."

Brown and Clinton's husband, former President Bill Clinton, were bitter rivals
in the 1992 presidential contest. During the campaign, Brown at one point said
Bill Clinton was becoming "the prince of sleaze."

In one Democratic debate, Brown accused Bill Clinton, then Arkansas' governor,
of funneling state business and money to his wife's law firm. The Clintons
strongly denounced the accusations.

And at the party's national convention that year, Brown supporters chanting "Let
Jerry speak" twice interrupted remarks by Hillary Clinton at a California
delegation meeting.

The governor's campaign had similarities to Sanders' outsider bid - a point made
by Brown in his endorsement of Clinton. As a candidate in 1992 he railed against
America's "corrupted" politics, a line that echoes in Sanders' daily assaults on
the intersection of big money and government. Brown called his outsider bid "a
cause ... a movement," another line often heard from Sanders in reference to his
campaign.

Brown's late-coming endorsement has a practical side. Trump's attacks on the
validity of climate change would undercut one of the pillars of Brown's agenda -
global warming.

Recent polling finds Clinton is in a virtual tie with Sanders in California; a
year ago, by comparison, the Vermont senator registered in single digits in the
state. In stop after stop, Sanders has argued that a big win in California would
open a pathway to the nomination.

Sanders held rallies in the Democrat-rich areas of Northern California Tuesday -
Santa Cruz and Monterey.

___

Lerer reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 11:28 PM GMT

The Latest: Police release names of 3 boys fatally stabbed

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


PHOENIX (AP) - The Latest on the killings of three boys at a Phoenix home (all
times local):

4:15 p.m.

Police have released the names of three young boys who were found stabbed to
death in their northwest Phoenix home.

They say the victims are 8-year-old Jaikare Rahaman, 5-year-old Jeremiah Adams
and 2-month-old Avery Robinson.

Police also say the bodies were found in a closet early Thursday and at least
two of the boys were partially dismembered.

Police say the boys' mother allegedly stabbed her sons to death and stabbed
herself.

She remains hospitalized, and police say he name won't be released until she's
charged in the case.

___

11:45 a.m.

A Phoenix Police Department spokesman say the bodies of at least two of three
young boys found stabbed to death in their home were partially dismembered.

Sgt. Trent Crump did not provide specifies on the dismemberment when he briefed
reporters at the scene in a northwest Phoenix neighborhood Thursday.

According to police, the mother stabbed her sons to death and also stabbed
herself. She's in critical condition at a hospital.

The bodies of the boys - ages 2 months old and 5 and 8 years old - were found in
a closet.

No identities have been released.

___

10:40 a.m.

Neighbors say they're heartbroken and shocked after a Phoenix woman stabbed her
three young sons to death before trying to kill herself in their home.

The bodies of the boys - ages 2 months old and 5 and 8 years old - were found in
a closet. Police say the mother also stabbed herself and that she's in critical
condition at a hospital.

Next-door neighbor Shelley Severns says she didn't know the family but that her
children played with the two older boys, whom she called "cute little things."

Severns says the boy's deaths are tragic and that she's still processing what
happened.

Another neighbor says the older boys were nice and playful and that the boys'
deaths are heartbreaking.

Police at the scene are waiting for a warrant to search the home as they
continue their investigation.

___

8:40 a.m.

Phoenix police say a mother stabbed and killed her three young sons then badly
wounded herself in a suicide attempt. She is hospitalized in critical condition.

Sgt. Trent Crump says the woman's brother called 911 after returning home late
Wednesday and finding she had locked him out.

Trump says the brother eventually got into the home and found his sister with
self-inflicted stab wounds. She then tried to drown herself in a bathtub while
he got towels for her bleeding.

Trump says the woman told officers arriving at the scene that her children were
somewhere else. But police then found the boys - ages 2 months old and 5 and 8
years old - dead from stab wounds. At least two of the bodies were in a closet.

No identities were released.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Running

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 10:25 PM GMT

Obama warns Air Force grads not to succumb to isolationism

BYLINE: By JOSH LEDERMAN, Associated Press

SECTION: DOMESTIC NEWS

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: AIR FORCE ACADEMY, Colo.


AIR FORCE ACADEMY, Colo. (AP) - President Barack Obama implored the next
generation of U.S. military leaders Thursday not to give in to isolationism or
pull back from U.S. leadership in the world, drawing a contrast with a foreign
policy vision laid out by Donald Trump.

Obama used his final commencement address as president to reassure the military
that it remains the world's dominant fighting force, implicitly pushing back
against critiques that its might has ebbed under his watch. Under searing sun
and sweeping blue skies at the U.S. Air Force Academy, he told graduates they'd
be called upon to strike a complicated balance between realism and idealism,
withdrawal and overreach.

"We can't be isolationists. It's not possible in this globalized, interconnected
world," Obama said. "In these uncertain times, it's tempting sometimes to try to
pull back and wash our hands from conflicts that seem intractable, let other
countries fend of themselves."

Calling isolationism a "false comfort," he added that history had shown how
"oceans alone cannot protect us."

For Obama, the speech was part of a tradition of addressing one of the
military's four service academies at graduation. His outdoor address ended with
a dramatic Thunderbird flyover as cadets tossed their caps - a moment later
marred by news that one of the jets had crashed shortly after completing the
maneuver. Obama was at the stadium at the time of the crash.

The pilot, identified as Maj. Alex Turner of Chelmsford, Massachusetts, safely
ejected and later met with Obama.

"The president thanked the pilot for his service to the country and expressed
his relief that the pilot was not seriously injured," said White House spokesman
Josh Earnest.

Obama didn't mention Trump or other presidential candidates by name in his
remarks, but his target was clear. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee,
has called repeatedly for putting "America first" by rethinking U.S. alliances,
spending less to ensure other countries' security and enacting strict tariffs
that Trump acknowledges could potentially lead to a trade war.

Obama's rebuke of that philosophy came the same day the likely Democratic
nominee, Hillary Clinton, sharply criticized Trump's foreign policy. She
delivered a speech in San Diego in which she assailed Trump as dangerous to U.S.
national security and unqualified to be commander in chief.

Though Obama is waiting for the conclusion of the Democratic primary to start
campaigning in earnest, he's worked increasingly to undermine Trump's appeal by
attacking his policies. A day earlier, Obama visited a conservative stretch of
Indiana on a self-described "myth-busting" mission to derail GOP arguments on
the economy.

"When we panic, we don't make good decisions," Obama told the cadets and their
families. He said the U.S. has to engage with the world but must also be wary of
overextending itself, particularly with regard to military intervention.

"As we saw in Vietnam and the Iraq war, oftentimes the greatest damage to
American credibility comes when we overreach, when we don't think through the
consequences of all of our actions," Obama said.

In another clear nod to Trump, the president specifically mentioned the value of
NATO, an alliance that Trump suggests is outdated.

Though Obama came into office pledging to end two wars and to keep the U.S. out
of unnecessary entanglements, he's repeatedly bumped into the reality of
overseas messes that seem to have pulled the U.S. back in.

Nearing the end of his term, Obama is weighing whether to again increase the
number of troops he'll leave in Afghanistan. In Iraq, troop levels have crept
back up, while special forces have been dispatched to Syria and Libya. Deep
concerns about Russia and China have spurred calls for a more aggressive U.S.
military posture in eastern Europe and Asia.

Of the 812 Air Force Academy graduates, 345 are going on to train as pilots, the
Air Force said. Sixty will train to operate remotely piloted aircraft, such as
drones, which Obama has made a central tool of U.S. counterterrorism efforts.
About one-fourth of the Class of 2016 is female.

Obama also delivered commencement addresses at Howard University and Rutgers
University this year.

___

Associated Press writer Dan Elliott contributed to this report.

___

Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 10:20 PM GMT

Ryan to AP: Trump is comfortable with my principles

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


House Speaker Paul Ryan endorsed Donald Trump for president on Thursday, and
explained his decision to back the billionaire businessman in an exclusive
interview with The Associated Press. Quotes from the interview:

___

"What matters to me more than anything else are our core principles, the
policies that come from them, the agenda we're driving in the House that we're
about to release. And I just wanted to have a good comfort level that these
principles and policies were something we would be able to work with him on and
it took some time just to have those conversations."

___

"It's very clear to me that Hillary is in no certain way going to be advancing
our principles and policies. She's promising another Obama term. It's also
become clear to me through my conversations that Donald Trump is somebody I know
is comfortable with these principles and general policies."

___

"We obviously have a different kind of style and tone. That's very clear. Anyone
who knows anything about us knows that. But what really, ultimately matters is
how best can we make sure these principles and policies get enacted in 2017. And
it is clear that is far more likely to happen under a Trump presidency than a
Clinton presidency."

___

"This isn't a deal. This isn't one of those. It was basically getting a comfort
level of our idea about where the country is headed and where it ought to go.
It's more of an understanding of each other and these principles and policies.
That's to me what matters. There is no kind of an agreement of sorts. It was
just needing to spend time with our presumptive nominee to get comfortable with
the notion that he would be supportive of the direction we want to go as a
party, as a country."

___

"I wasn't just going to sign up sight unseen without even having a conversation
or knowing what direction, because he had only mentioned a few policies in the
primary. I wanted to basically make sure that (we agreed) on the big issues of
the day, on really important principles."

___

"I had people on both sides of it. I had friends wishing I wouldn't support him.
I had friends wishing I would. I really didn't feel any pressure, other than my
goal is to make sure that were unified so that we're at full strength in the
fall so we can win the election."

___

"There are times where I've felt very motivated to speak out about some of the
things he had said, like the Muslim ban. And I spoke to him about those things.
Criticizing other Republicans, I've spoken to him about that as well. ... My
hope is that I won't have to speak out in the future on a case-by-case basis.
I'm not going to litigate what's said at a given rally on a day-to-day basis."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 9:45 PM GMT

Palestinian reality TV show shines light on democracy woes

BYLINE: By MOHAMMED DARAGHMEH, Associated Press

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 983 words

DATELINE: RAMALLAH, West Bank


RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) - The winner of this "election" for Palestinian
president was a 24-year-old lawyer from east Jerusalem, who defeated a woman and
a Christian from Bethlehem. But this was reality television - not real life -
and the vote came on a TV show called "The President" that is meant to educate
young Palestinians about politics.

In reality, Palestinians haven't had a chance to cast an actual ballot for
president in over a decade.

The spirited competition among the three young finalists has drawn attention to
the shortcomings of the Palestinians' experiment with democracy, complicated by
Israeli military occupation, now in its 50th year, and two decades of failed
peace efforts.

The last time the Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip elected a leader
was in January 2005, when current President Mahmoud Abbas won by a large margin.
Now polls indicate widespread discontent with Abbas and the long-ruling
entrenched leadership around him.

"This show was an opportunity for the Palestinian youth to raise their voice and
deliver their message," said Waad Qannam, the winner of Thursday night's finale,
who was awarded a new car and is expected to meet Abbas.

"The show proves that we have skillful young leaders who can take over when
there is an opportunity," he said. "This is a message to the politicians to open
the gates for the new generation to practice politics and prove themselves."

The show's format brings in elements from "Arab Idol," a popular show in which
viewers across the Middle East choose their favorite singer by voting with text
messages, as well as the "The Apprentice," the international reality show that
helped put another presidential hopeful, Donald Trump, in the spotlight.

The finalists were Qannam; Fadi Khair, 30, a male nurse from the West Bank; and
Naameh Adwiya, a 22-year-old woman and political science graduate from east
Jerusalem. All are active in Abbas' Fatah party.

Several hundred people packed a Ramallah auditorium for the finale. A
Palestinian flag stood on the side of the stage, while a black screen with
floating stars, along with the show's logo, formed the backdrop. Senior
politicians and security officials were in the audience, although Abbas was not.

Maan, a local TV network, has been airing the show for the past six months. The
program is funded by Search for Common Ground, a U.S. nonprofit group that
promotes conflict resolution. The goal was to give young Palestinians an
opportunity to practice running for office and voting for a candidate.

Suheir Rasul, the group's local co-director, said the show was the only place
where Palestinians in the West Bank, Gaza and many other places can vote.

"Palestinian youth do not get the opportunity to engage with political leaders
on this magnitude. This program is not just a TV show; it's actually the only
true democracy in practice," she said.

It is the second time the Palestinians have held the contest.

Raed Othman, the program's spokesman, said 1,180 Palestinians ages 20 to 40
applied. A committee of politicians, business leaders and public personalities
narrowed the list to 48 contestants. The final three were selected by a panel of
judges and votes by viewers.

Over six months, the list was whittled down through written tests and interviews
about public affairs and politics. Contestants also took courses in
communications and public service, and put forth plans for increased political
participation and better public services.

Like any good politician, the finalists were polished and generally cautious in
their responses, venturing into controversial topics only when asked by the
judges.

But during Thursday's finale, they were asked a range of questions on issues
affecting Palestinians, such as Israel's demand to be recognized as the state of
the Jewish people, recent executions by Hamas, and socio-economic problems in
refugee camps.

Khair, a member of the West Bank's Christian minority, said in one of the final
episodes that as president, he would work to change laws including one that says
the Palestinian president must be a Muslim. He called the law unjust.

Adwiya said she would allow university students to demonstrate against her or
rip down posters of her in the streets. "Yes, I would let them do that and
express their feelings," she said.

Abbas has shown little tolerance for dissent, frequently breaking up protests
and, in several cases, jailing people for critical Facebook posts.

The prospects of reaching peace with Israel rarely came up, and when the topic
was mentioned, contestants tended to take strong positions against Israel.

Qannam said Israel was responsible for the current wave of Israeli-Palestinian
violence and said he wouldn't call on Palestinians to stop stabbing attacks.

Abbas was elected in January 2005 for what was supposed to be a five-year term.

But the rift between his Fatah party and the Islamic militant group Hamas, which
led to the establishment of rival governments in 2007, has prevented new
presidential and parliamentary elections.

Hamas remains in control of Gaza, while the Fatah movement governs in the West
Bank. Both camps are entrenched in their respective turf, and there's no sign
they would risk losing control by holding elections

In his decade in power, Abbas has failed to deliver on a promise to lead
Palestinians to independence, with negotiations on terms of statehood stalled
since Israeli hard-liner Benjamin Netanyahu became prime minister in 2009. The
Palestinian economy is stagnant, and polls have indicated two-thirds of
Palestinians want Abbas to resign.

"Why watch virtual elections? We need real elections," said Hisham Atta, a
21-year-old university student from Ramallah.

But Sawsan Abu Adel, 28, said she has enjoyed the show.

"It's good to see these boys and girls competing and dreaming," she said. "But
in reality, the ones who take the jobs are the sons and daughters of the
officials."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 8:54 PM GMT

Iowa Democrats mull challenger for veteran GOP Sen. Grassley

BYLINE: By BARBARA RODRIGUEZ, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 904 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Iowa


DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Republican Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley has
been winning Iowa elections for nearly six decades, yet Democrats are sensing
vulnerability this time stemming from his refusal to hold confirmation hearings
for President Barack Obama's Supreme Court nominee.

Underscoring the issue, party leaders even recruited a candidate with a fitting
name - Patty Judge. The former lieutenant governor swiftly won the endorsement
of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and has built her campaign bank
account with an influx of donations, mostly from outside Iowa.

However, just as the progressive candidacy of Bernie Sanders turned the Iowa
presidential caucuses into a nail-biter against the establishment favorite
Hillary Clinton, Judge is facing a tough nomination battle against more liberal
state Sen. Rob Hogg, who is supported by two key labor unions.

Hogg, a 49-year-old from Cedar Rapids who has written a book about climate
change, had been considered the likely Democratic nominee before party leaders
in Washington turned to Judge. Her experience as a farmer could appeal to rural
voters, and her tenure as lieutenant governor and state agriculture secretary
give her stronger name recognition across the state.

Since she entered the race in March, Judge, 72, has kept her focus clearly on
Grassley, all but ignoring Hogg and two other Democrats running in the June 7
primary - attorney Tom Fiegen and former state legislator Bob Krause.

In early May, she released an online ad that criticized Grassley's actions
blocking Merrick Garland's nomination to fill the vacancy created by the death
of Justice Antonin Scalia. Grassley and other Republican senators have
maintained the next president should fill the seat.

"You really wonder whether or not he's doing his own thinking or has become a
tool of Republican leadership," Judge said of Grassley shortly before she filed
to run for Senate. "We're watching his aura of invincibility beginning to erode
as Iowans realize he's no longer doing the job he was elected to do."

Even if there's some backlash against Grassley over the Supreme Court, the
Democratic nominee still will face a tall task. The incumbent, who ranks fourth
in the Senate in seniority, has $5 million available in his campaign account and
hasn't lost an election since he first ran for the state Legislature in 1958.

If Judge is hoping to prove Grassley isn't invincible this fall, Hogg is trying
to do the same against Judge in the Democratic primary. Although he hasn't been
combative against her on the campaign trail or during debates, he has claimed to
have stronger grass-roots support in the state.

"I think the best strategy for winning this is to focus on Iowans and talk to
Iowans," Hogg told The Associated Press. "I don't think the way to win this
campaign is spend all your time in D.C. raising money."

There has been no public polling, and Democratic activists said it's anyone's
guess who will win. Although Iowa's general election turnout percentage is among
the highest in the nation, primary turnout is far lower, adding to the
uncertainty.

Megan Suhr, chairwoman of the Marion County Democrats in south-central Iowa,
said the perception that Hogg is more liberal and not backed by national party
leaders could help him in a year when Sanders and Republican Donald Trump have
seen so much success.

A key difference between the two has been their stand on a lawsuit by the Des
Moines water utility, which is trying to force three counties to reduce farm
runoff into the city's water source. Hogg has supported the lawsuit while Judge
joined with a private organization that criticized the utility and called for
less confrontational actions.

Art Behn, who is chair of the Dallas County Democrats, said Judge's message that
she's more electable also resonates with voters.

"The goal here is to defeat Grassley," Behn said. "A lot of people are thinking
that Patty is better positioned to do that. They would vote for her in the
primary in order to put her in that position."

Hogg has focused on small, in-state donations while Judge has received
significant funding from outside Iowa. About a month after announcing her run,
records show she had raised about $213,000 - more money than Hogg had raised
altogether since last July. By mid-May, Judge had added another roughly
$155,000. Hogg to-date has raised more than $250,000.

Danny Homan, president of the state's largest public employee union, criticized
the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee's decision to recruit Judge shortly
before the deadline to enter the race.

"I quite frankly am astounded and appalled by the DSCC coming into this state
and hand picking a candidate without talking to anybody in this state ... and
they decide who Iowa's candidate should be for the United States Senate," said
Homan, who runs the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees
Iowa Council 61. Homan's union and the Iowa Federation of Labor, AFL-CIO, have
endorsed Hogg.

DSCC press secretary Lauren Passalacqua said the group had concluded Judge was
"best positioned to give Iowans the representation in the U.S. Senate they
deserve" but declined to respond to Homan's comments.

Suhr, the Marion County chairwoman, said she expects a close race.

"I live in a district right next door to Patty ... our counties are neighbors,
and it's not a slam dunk for her there," she said. "It's a wide open field."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 8:19 PM GMT

AP NewsAlert

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 24 words

DATELINE: JANESVILLE, Wis.


JANESVILLE, Wis. (AP) - After endorsing Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan
tells AP: 'My goal is to make sure we are unified before the fall'

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 8:09 PM GMT

AP FACT CHECK: Trumped-up charge on "Obamacare" premiums

BYLINE: By RICARDO ALONSO-ZALDIVAR and JILL COLVIN, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - Donald Trump says the Obama administration plans to keep
consumers in the dark about premium increases for 2017 under the president's
health care law - for political reasons. But the administration says next year's
sign-up season is going forward on schedule, and insurers say they've seen no
indication of a delay.

"The numbers are coming out, right now, the numbers are scheduled to come out on
November 1. The increases are going to be so large that everybody is going to
vote for Donald Trump. It's a catastrophe," the presumptive Republican nominee
for president said Wednesday at a rally in Sacramento.

He added: "Now Obama is trying to move it into December because if people see
the kind of increases that you're talking about - could be 40 percent, by the
way - nobody's going to vote for anybody having to do with the Obama
administration."

Trump appears to have mixed up the calendar. Nov. 1 is actually the
long-designated start of the 2017 sign-up season under President Barack Obama's
health care law, not the date for the unveiling of premium levels. Consumers
have until Jan. 31 to enroll for new coverage or make changes to their current
choices.

Premiums are being posted on an ongoing basis by the administration and many
states. All premiums should be publicly available by Aug. 1.

Administration spokesman Ben Wakana said Thursday in a statement that open
enrollment will begin as scheduled on Nov. 1, and the date will not be moved.

Pushing the date as Trump suggested to December, after the Nov. 8 election, is
not as simple as the White House firing off a press release.

The open-enrollment period was formally set by a federal regulation, and
changing a regulation is a legal process that involves public notice and
comment. It can take months.

Clare Krusing, spokeswoman for the main industry trade group, America's Health
Insurance Plans, said there's no indication the administration plans to change
the date.

Even if Obama wanted to call a timeout, it likely would create more havoc than
it's worth. Millions of current customers have coverage that expires Dec. 31 and
must be renewed ahead of time to roll over into the new year.

"Pushing back open enrollment would be a significant challenge for consumers and
health plans," explained Krusing. "Consumers would have a very limited window to
make their coverage decisions." Insurers might not be able to process everything
on time.

About 12.7 million people renewed or signed up for coverage this year in the
health care law's insurance markets, which offer subsidized private plans to
those who don't have access on the job. That number is expected to keep growing
as consumers become more familiar with a still-new system, and as fines escalate
for people who remain uninsured when they could afford coverage.

But 2017 is shaping up to be a challenge for the Affordable Care Act. Citing
financial losses from the program, many insurers are requesting bigger premium
increases. They blame lower-than-hoped enrollment, sicker-than-expected
customers and problems with the government's financial backstop for insurance
markets.

The largest plan in Texas, for example, wants to raise rates on individual
policies by an average of nearly 60 percent.

The administration has posted premium data for about 20 states on
HealthCare.gov.

Increases appear to be sharper, but there are also huge differences between
states and among insurers. It will take weeks for a full picture to emerge.

The Obama administration says concerns about 2017 premiums are premature and
overblown. Regulators will push back on insurer increases, and consumers will
have lower-premium options available when sign-up season begins Nov. 1. For most
customers, government subsidies will cushion the impact of price hikes.

Returning customers are supposed to get advance notice from their insurance
company about their premiums for the upcoming year. Insurers are required to
send that out ahead of sign-up season.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 7:38 PM GMT

Hillary Clinton says electing Donald Trump president would be 'historic mistake'

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 16 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


SAN DIEGO (AP) - Hillary Clinton says electing Donald Trump president would be
'historic mistake' .

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 7:18 PM GMT

House Speaker Paul Ryan says in newspaper column he will vote for Donald Trump
for president

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 18 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON (AP) - House Speaker Paul Ryan says in newspaper column he will vote
for Donald Trump for president.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 2725 DOCUMENTS


                              The Associated Press

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 6:46 PM GMT

Haley talks of Trump, Confederate flag ahead of anniversary

BYLINE: By SEANNA ADCOX, Associated Press

SECTION: POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, S.C.


COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley said Thursday she wishes
Donald Trump communicated differently because bad things result from divisive
rhetoric, as evidenced by last June's massacre in Charleston.

The Republican governor said divisive speech motivated Dylann Roof to gun down
nine black parishioners at historic Emanuel AME Church. Police have said the
white 22-year-old charged with their killings wanted to start a race war.

The Confederate flag that Roof was seen brandishing in photos had to be removed
from the Statehouse grounds, she said, and she supports sending the rebel flag
in The Citadel's chapel to a museum too. But she opposes renaming buildings or
monuments associated with the state's racist past.

Haley, who endorsed then-candidate Marco Rubio ahead of South Carolina's
primary, said she has vocally criticized Trump because "I know what that
rhetoric can do. I saw it happen."

She said she doesn't think people who support Trump are racist or haters.

"That's a different kind of anger. They're upset with Washington, D.C. They're
upset nothing's got done," she said. "The way he communicates that, I wish were
different."

Trump has a responsibility for the country's well-being to use a civil,
respectful tone, she told reporters two weeks ahead of the anniversary of the
Emanuel shooting.

Less than a month after the shooting, the Legislature - at Haley's urging -
voted to remove the Confederate flag from the Statehouse's front lawn and send
it to a museum.

The flag "hijacked by that murderer" had to go, she said, recognizing that some
pro-flag people are still upset by her public prompting.

"I don't think they're bad people. I think they really were focused on heritage
and sacrifice, but I think when that murderer kidnapped their flag and held it
with hate and killed those people, there was just no other option," she said.

The flag flying in The Citadel's Summerall Chapel in Charleston should be sent
to a museum too, she said.

"You've got the museum right next door, so just take it from the chapel and put
it in a museum and move on," she said.

But that's up to the Legislature, she said, noting she's told cadets to contact
their legislators.

The state's Heritage Act bars altering any public monument that honors historic
figures or events without overwhelming approval by the Legislature. The law was
part of the 2000 compromise that brought the Confederate flag off the Statehouse
dome and put it on the lawn.

Last year, House Speaker Jay Lucas said that as long as he's speaker, the House
will not consider any other proposed change to the law. His spokesman did not
respond Thursday to Haley's statements.

The governor said she asked the Legislature last summer to keep the Heritage Act
intact and not let the debate extend to changes beyond the Statehouse flag.

"The state would've been torn apart if we'd started doing that," she said. "We'd
have disputes in every county and community and divide people. ... Our goal was
to hold everything together. Let's be kind and accepting and understand history
is just that - it's history."

She still opposes exceptions beyond the chapel's flag, including renaming
Tillman Hall at her alma mater, Clemson University, as many students have
requested. The building is named for a Clemson founder - a former governor and
U.S. senator who bragged about killing black people.

"We can't go and start changing everything. ... The difference with the flag was
it was a flying, living, breathing representative symbol," Haley said. "I don't
see that in buildings and street signs."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Spot Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                        Copyright 2016 Associated Press
                              All Rights Reserved
